Chronostianity is a Zenithian system of thought and behavior originated in Great Lantorn Desert. The Chronostians worships Kronos as the God who controls time & space of the universe. The religion oriented heavily around the concept of time and unlike most Safarian religion, the Chronostianity is a more of philosophical, rationalistic religion & critical thinking rather than promoting the cult of personality. The origin of the religion was widely accepted from the Zenith Federation in the 3rd century BC however no one was sure who created the religion.

Its system are semi-centralized with its own subdivisions with each has a different doctrines & ideologies. Its own teachings & system is revisionist meaning the teachings of the Chronostianity is works upon millenias of research of grasping the concept of time, past, future, present and state of change. One of the roots of secularism originated from Chronostianity, the core is civilistic which promoted social harmony and rejection of supernatural or other worldly beliefs that violates civil rights.

I. DOCTRINES 

Kronos is the central figure of Chronostianity, it is said Kronos is the greater untouchable God that is beyond the worldly realm. Due to conflicting ideologies between subdivision teachings, for many centuries only the general relativity is the generally accepted theory of how time work in the universe however the introduction of Warp Gate technology to Safarian race in the 20th century caused the Warp Gate Problem which the warp gate is said to have created a wormhole for its portal and made 2-way travel nearly instantaneous, this destroyed much of the existing theories which allows move backward in time.

Many scholars attempt to explain the problem however many have failed to come to a conclusive conclusions. The aftermath of the Warp Gate Problem caused much rift within Chronostian, its membership subdivides due to internal disagreement of the theories. To this day, the theory is highly divisive & inconclusive, with the Reformist believes it’s an “error” or a physics “exploit bug” within the universe while the Conservative Chronostian believes there’s another unknown law within the general relativity theory.


Ethics & Social


Chronostians values time above else, Pedis is when someone felt bored and time passing felt long, this is regarded as “good”, bored is when creativity flourished and able to think critically better. Wasting time or time felt passing fast is called Alos, this is regarded as “bad”, not bored is a state of work or ignorance, natural consciousness is not working and the brain is constantly pre-occupied with the environment without space to relax & think critically. 

One that always felt time is constantly passing without sufficient contemplation of the surrounding environment would certainly met its doom. Arguably, constant regret and the feeling of life passing-by would buildup overtime causing Tiranose Kalos, a phrase that describes a person would be cursed to have a internal unrest due to constantly feeling Alos, only doing Alos Defusal which the Tiranose Kalos individual is treated by making the person as Pedis as possible.

The Alos Defusal revolves heavily around the phrase of “May a minute felt like an hour” which a Tiranose Kalos individual must felt every minute is precious, time is valuable and the feeling of unrest must be purged by having a capability to be stable when he/she isn’t doing anything.

Some Chronostians, may express guilt when they felt useless, one that felt he/she is a burden for other people would let a guilt feeling of wasting one’s time. Being unpleasant to other people is also considered some form of Alos ultimately some hardcore Chronostian may isolate themselves as further as possible to prevent becoming a nuisance to others.

