Introductions

What if a person can screw the world multiple times? What if the consequences are under our consciousness and it then became the structure; the status quo; the things we accepted with; the new normal? What if the world has written by the time travelers? Or the Timekeepers?

We always see things from a naïve approach when it comes to time-travel or the multiverse. It is always seeing the past or the future from the lens of the present, the contemporary. Instead, what is more realistic is that a contemporary person stayed in the future for some time will become the ‘person of the future’. Individuals are abstract at its core especially social structure are mostly social constructionism, artificial in its nature.

History was rewritten. For the humans, it was rewritten twice: One is the Sixtusian Empire. Two is the Timekeepers, Machine of Madness and the Kaiser.

For the Kaiser, is the quest to become a God. A quest to become the greatest version one’s self. When the things to do in the world are exhausted then the only logical thing to do is to conquer everyone and let the hell let loose. The world acts like a canvas for the Kaiser to draw and unleash his version of the world to the painting. He envisioned the world as made by his imagination, but yet his imagination itself was influenced by the world that he recreated. A constant iteration: a thesis, anti-thesis and synthesis.







The Origin





Like father, like son, Kaiser’s real name is King Dragoness, the son of Chigago Dragoness, the dictator of the Sixtusian Junta. Kaiser had a massive privilege of being living next to a powerful family with massive wealth and family with political dynasty in the Sixtusian Republic. Kaiser gained his Timekeeper ability at around 1984, just after the fall of the Sixtusian Junta and ad just recently ended its genocide on Eltravivor Empire which was a collaborationist state for the Elistar Empire of the Elven race for thousands of years and suppressing Safarian race for a/two millennia. During the genocide against Eltravivorian, the Dragoness family possess and collects thousands of artifacts from the Eltravivorian and eventually, accidentally possess the Machine of Madness. With the Machine fall to Kaiser’s hand, he realized his Timekeeper ability by rewinding time using the machine; this opened the pandora box of the universe.

Kaiser was quick to exploit the machine. His family massive wealth reserves enabled Kaiser to do a lot but his family was politically destroyed and regarded impossible to return to the Sixtusian Republic due to the junta’ oppressive nature and Chigago’s role in orchestrating the genocide against Eltravivorian. With his family’s politically ruined, Kaiser resented his father significantly and the hatred of his father especially his father role in the genocide, that it affected the Kaiser even during the Sixtusian Empire era. With bad reputation, Kaiser was constantly targeted and bullied by those who resented his father’s rule which he had to face a lot during his childhood and even his adulthood that obstruct him from living normally that caused Kaiser to pursue the will to power.

By his mid-20s, Kaiser was able finally return to the Sixtusian Republic thanks to his siblings’ corporations’ businesses and wealth to rehabilitate their family image, thus Kaiser began expanding his influence in Sixtus by becoming industrialist and owning WING Corps. Kaiser eventually dabble with Elven technologies and with trial & error, able to produce consumer goods for the Elven black market. This business of selling illegal goods to the ruling interstellar empire will later became the foundation of how Kaiser will run the Sixtusian Empire’s economy.
