Presentation of Information






Presentation of information is key for Timekeepers. Language structure can influenced one’s understanding of the world. An example: Time is length in English (how long?) while time is size or quantity in other language (多长 or how many?). It may be a subtle difference but trickling down, it will be significant on high level that will impact one’s ability to write poems, texts and interpretation of the world.

A major problem with ‘hook’ of information: a scholar or a theorist writes and formulated new ideas and theories however in the eyes of common public, they will always take the low hanging fruit. This low hanging fruit are most likely the most naïve and incomplete statement of their work due to its accessibility. This caused a bias where the public can easily criticize one’s theory by only looking its low hanging fruit, when in fact, they did not sees the totality of one’s work.

A person ability to take in an information can be obstructed by the economic situation of a person or the health of it. The health is pretty obvious, dysfunctional organ will make the body succumb to its pains and excessive focus on the body rather the realm of the mind. 

In terms of economics, in this current epoch, it is not the access of the information anymore is the problem but rather the focus and the incentives of it. Imagine a person works as a driver delivering stuffs or carrying people, when working for long hour, it will not be able to focus on reading one hour of texts or an article reliably. The situation was not conducive. The hyperactivity of social media has caused somewhat of a short attention span for many people. A person working in tight schedule and shifts will acclimatize to shorts videos and is encouraged to watch it. The presentation of information in short videos as a consequence will be short and incomplete, causing a knowledge gap. It is an incomplete information.

It is hard to educatize the populace if the only way to survive or earn a living is by working 9 hours, 6 days a week. The only way to improve intelligence is to disincentive work that were ‘easy’, manual and lack of use of people’s brain. The consumer goods and entertainment industry has created a system where people were incentivized to make easy money from consumerism. Fast moving consumer goods makes people filthy rich and once they are at the top, intelligence will stagnate. Hence, expression of information will be limited, incomplete and/or inaccurate.

Extroverts are the embodiment of mass society. Extroverts has a lot of people on their side, this caused them weak at certain endeavours like: science or involve in research and development. Their language tends to be unsophisticated and lacking in verbose. But a person who shifting personalities between introvert and extrovert is the best world. Extroversion when it was needed the most: public conventions, socializing. Introversion to self-correct mistakes and unlock the potentiality of one’s self. The perspective of many is imperative to be able posit ourselves to someone’s position. This will make one become able to speak in their language and quickly able to convince them.

A closer look at presenting the information: if there’s a stigmatization of learning a language. Sometimes in a third world country: a person studying or attempt to speak English will be mocked as ‘smart-ass’. The worse, is that when 8 out of 10 people cannot speak English then we’ll be dragged into the environment of poor English language hence destroying a gateway to a greater knowledge when English itself is the most common and extensive language used around the globe.

One of the worst aspects of presenting an information is when society sanctioned an individual who attempts to find a good side of it and even discuss it. This becomes a problem for Timekeeper when presenting an information in the past or at certain epoch when the stigma persisted. 

Entry point of a person to learn something can halted by the current political situation of a certain epoch. In some places, the ecosystem can prevent or slowed down one’s ability to mould into a certain type of identity. Developing countries or ‘newly industrialized’ economies tends to be disadvantageous for intellectuals, it encourages people to become a labourer. Learning which takes time and not all are able to expense their time to learn. The economic system can discourage an individual to learn or study and instead dragged him to the lower skill workforce which downgraded its intelligence. Usually, these lower skill labours are consumerism goods, fast moving goods, luxury goods designed to distract the masses or built as a status wealth validation. 

Materialism or ‘seeing things directly in the field’ rather presenting a theory or story, is the fastest to spark one’s imagination. To imagine or think takes time hence the only way to present information the best is by direct experience. This is why people; society needs a status wealth symbol. This is hard, real proof of one’s status. The behaviour of the mass society reflect itself: if a handsome person did wrongdoings, he will be forgiven for his mistakes, ‘naive’. If an ugly, unattractive person did wrongdoings, then he will be persecuted. These stereotypes rooted from cultural legacy systems are causing the entry point for certain people: disadvantageous.

Mob mentality; the mass society rules. It became dictatorship of the masses. Information is not stored on the digital space or the book rather it is stored in everyone’s brain, chain-linked together into some kind of collective intelligence, collective consciousness. The one who wins are the one who were to present well and agreed by the consensus. That is why presenting an information cannot be directly, it must incremental, step-by-step instructions. The environment and cultures at a certain epoch might not allow for new ideas hence good ideas will die in darkness. The structure of society, political revolution is imperative to unlock new ways that’s not thought by the contemporaries. It is like moving on Z axis, to strip the system out in order for new system to thrive.

Ineffective presentation is the next major problem. At one epoch or generation, one occupation is desirable than the other, for example: becoming a doctor and an engineer was once desirable but now it is to become a ‘celebrity’. This role model shifting can shift the culture and potentially, a certain style of presentation of information can be ineffective. When culture shifts, the language changed thanks to generational changes. If the teacher retains its obsolete style of information then the young students will be in different language even if the language is the same. The truth cannot prevail if you cannot speak in their language.

It is not the truth of information mattered but the presentation, the packaging mattered. This is because a biological being has multiple senses which if a piece of media can tell a story from multiple senses, receptors (vision, sound, moving picture, emotion, context), then it will sped up the learning/comprehension process.  

One of the greatest fears of presenting an information is when a thing becomes ‘commoditized’ rather than artistic medium. A culture like Indonesian’ art, Japanese art, Chinese art has become a ‘commodity exotic’ item rather than art. Video game for example, has sometimes been commoditized in that it became commercial product and since it is commercial, consumers had the audacity to dictate one’s work without restriction. These commoditization of things and medias has turned things into generic, incorporate itself to a structure rather than one’s artistic expression. 

Usually the packaging an information is best when bundled with other stuffs. Simply creating a book in these days is not enough because books are no longer the frontier of expression, it has been commoditized to become someone’s achievement or portfolio rather than truly freedom of expression. Instead it could be presented in all-in-one package rather than one book per subject or topic. The all-in-one package is the best type of delivering information especially in an era of oversaturated medias. Returning to basic economics and business fundamentals, if there are too many fragmented piece of media, too many movies, video games, music then it will be oversaturated in the market, hence people would only return to what’s familiar to them, a safe zone like a famous franchise recycled through reboots or remasters.


Amalgamate several things into a product like video games can have interactive elements, music, lore, dialogues and many others unlocked many possibilities of unprecedented presentation of information. Some argue it would an absolute waste that if video games are gated only for fun or simply a commercial product that simply uses stupid gamification metrics rather than a freedom of expression.

The compartmentalization of disciplines of studies created a problem of not seeing the whole picture or not understanding things in its totality. Putting scientists in a box will not produce intellectuals instead scientist will only become a job, a labourer, a proletariat and this is one of side effects of unchecked capitalist world has done to damage intellectualism. The greatest innovators are those with perspective of many and learning from many disciplines, a generalists and those who are willing to step outside of the rules.







Timekeeper Testaments





The Timekeeper Testaments book originated from Chronostianity which originally about the nature of time, perception of time/chronoception, psychology, historicism, philosophy and metaphysics; eventually evolved to studies of Timekeepers, the consequences of Kaiser’s actions & the Machine of Madness and the evolution of the Sixtusian Empire. Timekeeper Testaments are basically structured as an anthology, a collection of literary works by Timekeepers and scholars. The part of Sixtusian Empire and Kaiser were written and maintained by the Coalition of Timekeepers.

The existence of Timekeepers is totally impossible to be proven for non-Timekeepers so this is treated mainly as a fiction for many readers of this text. For many, it is the tales, story, an all-in-one text ranging from economics, psychology, Kaiser’s decisions, historicism and philosophy that made it significant.






Agent of Destroyer and Greatest Version of One’s Self





Agent of Destroyer is an entity (like the Kaiser) who screwed up the entire universe and makes the world revolves around him. It shatters the status quo structure of the world and replace it with a new building above its foundation; wiping the slate clean. Kaiser described as the agent of destroyer that screw up the universe:

“Everything he touches, he screws them all up.”

Reaching ‘greatest version of One’s self’ is unfortunately sometimes to become an agent of destroyer. Deprioritize other people and let the spotlight to ourselves, shifting material and give more powers to ourselves, a game theory where we win. 

A person needs to be in a situation where they can be both becoming a slave and a master. In the mode being a ‘master’, we need some inferior people, to repress of so we can direct orders, a listener that we can talk to. In the mode of ‘slave’, we became an obedient, constantly in state of ‘being-told’, surrendering our body and modes of production to the master. The ability to switching between master and slave is essentially social mobility and self-correcting our mistakes. It can be that a rich person is acting dominant in front of its employees but acting soft in his family. This dynamic is crucial for social mobility and correcting our mistakes. 

Greatest version of one’s self can be hindered by the society attempts to confine a person to be conformed to the norms, be a ‘tool’ or an employee for someone. Sometimes when we push out, society will push us down. One needs to have the courage and will to break from the conformity.

There was graph, an equation of like the ‘Dunning-Kruger’ effect that suggested the balance of ‘what we know that we don’t know’ as X axis and ‘what we don’t know that we don’t know’ as Y axis. Those who tended more on the X axis will be people that is vulnerable, knows he is lacking, unskilled and he will be humble, low confidence. Those who were high on the Y axis is the person mostly likely who overestimated his abilities. When we want to know something, we are taking a forbidden knowledge. Once we know it, it is hard to reverse it. With it, we must acknowledge the risk beforehand and our ability before taking in the ‘pill’. Naivety of a person must be preserved because not person is ready to become a great person. Pre-mature forbidden knowledge will screw up a person especially when the person isn’t ready to take it.

Somewhat ties to ‘presentation of information’. Exposing something to a kid may accidentally causes a traumatic experience. Example is that if a person got destroyed in their childhood, that person will take in the forbidden knowledge of ‘hard truth of reality’ and ‘social isolation’ thus can prevented a person from socializing properly in their adulthood. If a person has a good childhood, its naïve-ness will be retained hence they will not take in the forbidden knowledge of ‘social ethics’ and ‘social isolation’ prematurely. It is best to prevent a child from gaining consciousness because it can cause trauma and hesitation leading the prevention of greatest version of one’s self.

An agent of destroyer is essentially an ‘immigrant’, an ‘alien’ who has different spirit and is not part of the NPC group. It attempts to attack against the current epoch by screwing up the foundations of it because it sees the structure of the world as insane or unstable.




Attack against the Current Epoch





Attack against the current epoch is essentially attacking and treating the present as a madness. A Timekeeper coming back from future (died in 2040 then loops back to 2020) will sometimes see in the past with two possibilities: nostalgia or madness. Nostalgia are past things that retains even in the present, it influenced our thinking and current culture. Madness are things that have not incorporated into our society, abandoned and exclusively only exists within that period of time.

A temporary state of madness is part of critical theory term as to refer a certain action is regarded as a total madness especially that action is not part of the structure of society of the observer. Kaiser refer this sudden madness as being ‘possess by the demons’. The temporary state of madness happens multiple times in history:
•	In a race riot in the United States in 2020, many jumped into the boat of where some progressive white people felt extreme guilt of treating the blacks badly and the black people reigned supreme by rioting and looting the stores. This is example of mass society possessed by demons according to the Kaiser because there were literally at lowest point in history of racial discrimination and totally disillusioned with reality. By the next year, those supporting the racial movements were totally died down and many looking back as a period of madness.
•	A mass killing is a perfect example of temporary state of madness. People became disillusioned and mad through mob mentality and mobilization of unleashing the beast where they had repressed their anger and their true feelings.
•	Nazi Germany where people became mass-hypnotized by the Fuhrer and became a murderous rampage killing millions of people. After the war, Nazism was totally destroyed from its core and it was regarded as the period of people becoming mad.

Attack against the current epoch is the idea that one could attack things on the present time because the person that sees the world of today will look at it as a crazy, mad era; an alienation. The person was estranged thanks to the zeitgeist of a particular era that contradicts a person’s spirit. 

However, Timekeeper is still entangled to a period of time. How Timekeepers loops is strictly limited by its lifespan. A Timekeeper living in the medieval era with 60 years of lifespan will always stays at medieval era, it will stuck at that epoch. 

But what Kaiser’s dominance of the galaxy is a truly an exceptional and unrepeatable phenomenon: the epoch of the Kaiser’s if undisturbed by Timekeeper and Machine of Madness bullshit, was said to continuing the status quo where the UDE, Alpha and Elistar Empire will stays on power while the Sixtusian Republic stay on course as a country littered with progressives and under the rule of social-capitalism. What happened is that it is truly a great attack of the current epoch. It is not deterministic at all or the zeitgeist of the era, rather Kaiser’s deliberately attacks the zeitgeist, spirit of the era and twisted it to Kaiser’s spirit. Essentially, transcending Kaiser as practically near God-like status.



