Sixtusian Economy under the Kaiser




Kaiser’s economic goals during his early years is to obliterate the service sector which had 60% of its GDP, reindustrialization, nationalization and turn from liberal free market to state capitalist market dirigisme economy. The deliberalization of Sixtusian economy are aimed so that the Kaiser had a grip on power. Kaiser’s invasion of tax-haven state to obliteration has effectively rendered offshore tax haven obsolete. Money in circulation all moved to more productive investment of the extraterrestrial industry. Government’s aggressive planetary colonization and rapid construction of space colonies enabled commodity explosion and massively increased Sixtusian’ manufacturing capability. By 2030, virtually all metal and rare-metals price on average dropped to 1/20 of the 2016 price, energy per capita is 180,000 kWh per person per year compared to 22,000 kWh in 2016.

Rapid shift to leftist economic policy meant the seizure of important industries that were on strategic national interest: mining, food, military and aerospace industries. Kaiser deprioritize some part of the economy in order to divert resources to more productive parts: the automotive industries (high-end cars), consumer electronics, food, shipbuilding and the entertainment industry, all of the mentioned sector are dropping in terms of share of the total GDP. The shift from consumer to hard industries has caused mass layoffs and dislocate over 22 million Sixtusians from 2016 to 2020, a whopping 21% of the entire workforce. Space transportation and space colonies quickly becomes one of the major workforces, extraterrestrial civil engineers and spaceship engineer becomes one of the most essential workforce that highly contributed to the empire’s rise. 

Before the rise of Kaiser in 2016, economy of Sixtus from 1980s to 2016 was dominated by the service sector, accounted 60% of the GDP by 2016. Following Sixtus rapid space colonization, the Sixtus’ economy restructured towards reindustrialization: inequality greatly increases and the manufacturing & mining industry overtakes the service sector. Kaiser’s regime launched reforms to overhaul the financial system for the reindustrialization effort. 

Tax collection of the lower class was effectively eliminated, utility costs were totally eliminated only the up-front utility fee needed and foods were subsidized. These perks were only applied to ‘full citizen’ of the empire which has completed education and the conscription/social service. Several financial instruments that were changed, removed or added during Kaiser rule are the following: banning of cryptocurrencies, consolidate dozens of major banks to just 4 banks, deflationary currency, limiting circulation of M1, M2, M3 money supply while rapidly increase M0 money supply and implementation of war bonds during War of the Universe and Sixtusian-Alphanian War.

The first half of Kaiser’s regime was famous for its deflationary currency. Under his rule, Sixtus deliberately limited its printing of the money supply meanwhile massive commodity boom, productivity increases and Sixtus’ aggressive imperialist policy of expansionism caused deflation. The amount of goods rapidly becomes available and price of raw materials are collapsing. The rapid technological advancement from adopting Dionarian, Elven and Titan race ensures companies will inevitably spend money to invest on new technology, fear of getting obsolete or getting behind.

Kaiser was notably staunchly defensive in pursuing deflationary policy rather than inflationary. As said above, the rapid technological changes and partial war economy during Kaiser’ rule forces people to spend money immediately rather than later, preventing money hoarding. Then private investors were utterly destroyed by Kaiser’s nationalization and dirigisme, combined with government’s constant stimulation of market’s demands and strict control of the economy, this prevents deflationary spiral. 

Kaiser’s Sixtus was stringent to print money to match with the falling goods and services prices to induce inflation. Kaiser feared that by attempting to stabilizing the price of goods, it will not be fast enough to entice corporations to innovate and build up its factories.

Kaiser remarked regarding currency:

“A circulating money is like land value. Imagine you distribute 100,000 m2 of land to some people. Treat it like 1 m2 is 1 Centurion. Say if the people of a country, let’s call it Retonia develop its land only like farms, barns then every Centurion of Retonia will be low, you cannot do much other than buy food from those barns. But if a country of, called it Silesia has a hotel, barbershop, factory, then every Centurion of Silesia will be high. You can buy goods from factories, rent a hotel or get a haircut. Silesia ¢100,000 is worth more than Retonia ¢100,000. This is what I pursue with our currency. With every Centurion you have, you must be able to buy as much as possible.”

“Except the things that were interfering with strategic interest. That’s when we raise the price of it high.”

Sixtusian Centurion deflation meant its value increases ~5% per year. An attractive guaranteed return caused many people from all over the galaxy rapidly traded their homeworld currency with Sixtusian Centurion, this quickly destroyed the foreign reserves from Earth and Cassantor, not to mention, investing in Sixtusian corporations that are rising rapidly brings insane amount of return. Alpha, UDE and Elistar Empire despite launched a near total embargo against Sixtus, the Sixtusian Empire manufacture Dionarian, Titan and Elven goods then sold it to their black market, crippling their consumer goods industry. This caused rapid adoption of the Sixtusian currency from 2% of the galaxy in 2016 to 60% by 2030. 

Sixtusian deflationary trend ended in 2036 after War of the Universe which the central Sixtusian bank finally rapidly increases its money supply in an attempt to redistribute more wealth to private entities and investors. With it, Sixtusian currency returned to inflationary state to this day.

Majority of the empire’s income are coming from taxing the megacorporations, upper class and state-owned enterprises. Sixtusian biggest revenue SOE are in its mining, hard commodity production and construction industry, with this, the Sixtusian government had total dominance in producing intermediate goods of the hard commodity market. Due to Sixtusian economic dominance, most of private manufacturing companies that relies on metal or chemical goods buys commodities directly from the Sixtusian SOEs, this system makes the Sixtusian Empire had absolute monopoly on the commodity market.

Kaiser and the Totalitarian Party implemented circulation containment which is an economic theory that states: in three-sector model of primary (material), secondary (manufacturing) and tertiary (service), the money circulation must be ordered from the largest (material) to the smallest (service sector). If the money circulating in service sector is bigger than the primary and secondary combined, then it will threaten national interest and greatly increases the risk of financial instability. Kaiser believes giving money/power to the investor/capitalist class would only invest on things that were giving returns in the short term; neglecting any long-term national development. Attempt to arrange the pyramid in the wrong order or de-industrialize meant destroying domestic industrial capability. Kaiser’s quote regarding government:

“Government is useless until you need them.”

One of Kaiser’s major fears of not controlling certain industry is that it will dig a quite deep hole. An example is the food industry, according to the Kaiser, if the food industry is uncontrolled then it will produce sodas, fast food or junk foods. Unchecked production of junk foods will cause financial cost in healthcare and slowed mobilization of the population, making people fat unnecessarily creates debilitating diseases and according to Kaiser: “Worst version of ourselves”. For this reason, availability of food in Sixtus was tightly controlled, this is to prevent the cost to fall too low and able to dictate populace’s diet. In terms of executing it, Kaiser knows he could not outright stop the flow of it but rather, he deliberately makes the logistics of ‘fast foods’ or illegal unhealthy food to become unsustainable or very pricey while subsidies provided by the government are affordable, even free which in addition to that: healthy and its intake has been measured & curated by experts.

Healthcare was tightly controlled to the government too. Private hospitals were nationalized and the government can roughly allocate the right number of doctors to better suit the data. Since doctors, physicians schooled for a lengthy amount of time, this needs government who in conjunction dictate the populace’s food through food subsidies, can establish long term sustainable planning to better predict what’s the economy of healthcare be like, for example: elimination of fast foods reduce the need for cardiovascular doctors. By controlling multiple industries like food and healthcare, it can remove unnecessary economic activities simply by preventing obesity or other health issues. Healthcare policies of Kaiser focuses heavily on the young particularly below the age of 45, most spending for the elderly were relatively decreased while young healthcare increased, with the mental healthcare and social programs to prevent social isolation were given a top priority by Kaiser. Social programs were radical in that it is in the form of military conscription for most people or mandatory community service intended to remove unemployment, social isolation and/or helping building up a civilian’s work ethics.

Mining and heavy industry manufacturing became the largest contributor to Sixtusian GDP: Around 53%. Mining companies were totally nationalized while heavy industry manufacturing companies were dominated by private entities. As said, many of Sixtusian government revenue comes from mining SOEs, selling commodities to Sixtusian manufacturing companies or exporting to other nations. Due to Sixtusian dominance of the metal commodity market, they were able to set prices which served to protect Sixtus’ national interest. For instance, the government raise the tariff of metal for the UDE and later banned it during the war. At its peak, the Sixtusian Outerboundary controls 96% of all production and extraction of metals in the galaxy.

Kaiser heavily improved Sixtusian national infrastructure. Many highways, railways, utility, energy, transport infrastructure and housing were constructed. This caused a construction boom and the result is increased Sixtusian economic productivity and industrial base. Sixtusian construction companies like Mixtec then specializing on constructing modular structures on space and outer colonies. Many of Sixtusian construction company were effectively nationalized following Kaiser’s rise to power. Space bases and outpost were constructed en masse to support the mining operation on space colonies. Construction was heavily funded by Sixtusian government. Kaiser intention of rapid imperialist conquest meant construction of new outpost and building spaceships for logistics is important.

The Sixtusian Empire has effectively turned itself into an export-oriented economy, exporting goods to every race in the galaxy. This is a stark contrast compared to UDE, Elistar and Alpha Empire who were dominant in the galaxy but closed their economies due to their feudalist societal system. With this gap, the Sixtusian rapidly dominates by fulfilling the market of many races in the galaxy, transforming it into an economic superpower of the galaxy. The closed economy of UDE and Elistar was forced to be broken down by a treaty in War of the Universe which enforced zero-restriction on trade barriers, banned trade embargoes and zero-restriction of Sixtusian corporations to build up factories in UDE territories. The embargo ban treaty was signed to last for 60 years which will ended in 2096.






Citadel’s Regime Economy




Rise of Kingdom Citadel and the Coalition of the Timekeepers shifted from state capitalist dirigisme economy to a neoliberal market economy. Citadel continues the policies of trickling-down economy to an extreme level: the bottom 98% possess 10% of the nation’s wealth while the top 2% possess 90% of the country’s wealth. Coalition of Timekeepers exploited the stock market and insider knowledge to gain money which almost all of them becoming billionaires or powerful officials.

Citadel’s regime hallmark is rampant corruption, weakening state institution and the rise of megacorporations. The most notable difference between Citadel’s regime and Kaiser’s regime:
-	Non-existence labor union with terrible worker’s rights protection. Workers’ rights were neglected.
-	Taxes are increased for value-added tax and reintroduced tax income for the lower and the middle class while corporate taxes were reduced.
-	Capitalists and investors reigned free under Citadel. With the economy gearing towards service sector and deindustrialization; off-shoring many industries to other countries including Earth, UDE, Titan and Cassantor.
-	Economic sector currently shifting towards the service sector; entertainment industry and consumer goods industry were rising rapidly. Deindustrialization in Sixtus Core while offshoring manufacturing to Earth, Cassantor and the UDE. 

In 2053, 9 years after Kaiser’s fall, was utterly furious with Citadel’s policies and remarked the following:

“Citadel is a traitor to the Social-Capitalist cause and deserve to be shot. He is going to bring the country to a consumerist economy with unchecked production of consumer goods. When you rapidly raise people’s living standard, it will add new factories, increasing inequality and the birth of ‘bullshit jobs’. No real productivity and then the resurrection of the status wealth industry with luxury cars, fashion brands made people became unconscious and delved to materialist world! With it, feudalism will return! Only by unchaining ourselves from the pegging of materialist things can we step one inch further to the true socialist state!”

During Kaiser’s rule, the Sixtusian system had quite a lot of loopholes however Kaiser’s totalitarian brutal grip on power meant corruption is negligible compared to the current Citadel’s regime. Under the Kaiser, officials are regularly assessed and inspected which meant a well-documented that enabled to correctly assess one’s wealth and merit. Those who were prioritized to be caught are those who are incompetent, inefficient and refused Kaiser’s direct order. Competent, loyal, merit but corrupt officials are usually overlooked especially when the disadvantages of imprisoning that individual are too great.

Following the fall of the Kaiser, Citadel’s regime enabled a massive corruption environment for Sixtusian officials. Corruption was rampant, widespread and reached from the highest to lowest organs of the government. Regional government often commit embezzlement by stealing social funds and construction projects to enrich their families and relatives. In Kaiser’s regime, officials almost never displayed their wealth publicly and constantly showed in their social media: their diligenceness, hard work and social interactivity with the common people. A stark contrast to Citadel’s regime where officials flamboyantly displayed their wealth. 

Corruption in Kaiser’s regime however, was often misused as a political instrument to overthrow a person out. In Citadel’s regime, persecuted officials from corruption are rare as officials started to consolidate themselves together, establish a self-protecting interest circle, protecting each other and enriching together. With it, the officials and higher ups are all benefited from this collaborationist behavior this caused a substantial social and economic cost on Sixtusian general populace.







Income Disparity and Consumer Power




The average median of middle-class income of Sixtusian (80% of the population) is €80,000, meanwhile the top 0.5% has median income of € 9.3 million. Sixtus has a massive income wealth gap. Despite the so-called elimination of tax for the lower class, the rich were significantly much richer than the middle class. This made the capitalists mustered significant leverage over the populace.

This is a deliberate decision by the Sixtusian government, distributing wealth to the masses is not in their agenda as they argued ‘money is only a number’ and the people of the lower class still able to access many goods very easily. They just built a powerful separation system between the capitalist and proletariats and giving a lot of power to Sixtusian corporations so these megacorporations’ demands will be fulfilled easily. Most people could live off a year without working at all, some work only 5 days a week as they are able to fulfill all needs easily. Welfare programs and the fact people can live without work for a long time are direct consequences of Social-Capitalism, with this, the Sixtusian government was forced to disparate the income gap in order to give corporations more power. Kaiser’s remarks:

“The very few capitalists and actual productive labor will fuel the economy of world while the rest of us can sleep and play games.”

One of the most controversial Kaiser’s economic policies is his restrictive development of the agricultural and food industry. Foods were 95% imported from Safarian countries with massive import tariff imposed of whopping 150% for most agricultural product. Kaiser’s justification for the weak food industry can be simplified as: ‘fat people are banned in the empire’. He was a zealous, ardently executes programs to increase productivity labor output of the empire, which then he sees fat people as a major productivity destroyer of the empire. Kaiser nationalize all food industries, controls its supplies chain and implement large-scale food subsidies instead. Then the government-controlled food industries are obviously did not affected by the tariffs hence all surviving private food industries eventually collapsed and nationalized.

Due to the ridiculous agriculture tariff, Sindom State becomes a major black market for illegally imported agriculture products due to its proximity to the border. The food industry being controlled by the state quickly becomes a hotbed for corruption. Some illegal market erected in non-Sindom states were downright impossible to survive due to Kaiser’s strong enforcement of any illegal agriculture goods, only in Sindom state where border guards and law enforcement was unable to get rid of illegal markets.

For the Kaiser, it is absolutely ridiculous for an individual for pursue what’s called ‘financial freedom’. If everyone is unemployed and unproductive then society and its economy will fall to its knees hence society’s division between the worker class and the capitalists will forever exists.

In other case, border controls in Sixtus Republic have always been quite loose. From the incorporation of Kingsgard into Sixtusian Republic in 1933, Sixtusian geography is very vulnerable to illegal outsiders. The situation greatly exacerbated since 2025 with the influx of immigrants from Earth and Cassantor entering the Sixtus.








Social-capitalism Ambiguity



Social Capitalism has gained notoriety of its ambiguity and inconsistent ideology. Social-capitalism main goal is to delegate manual labor to the machinery and liberate the workforce to shift more manpower to higher, creative stuffs however there is a problem where by doing creative stuffs will lead to more manual labor. The shout of artisans of: ‘commoditization’ of art stuffs like painting is now becoming a commodity, a furnishing for someone’s home hence bow down to the demands of mass society. The commoditization of goods meant automating art becomes the norm as it becomes a structure. When people highly value a good or service then its handcrafted-ness or the ‘exoticism/cultural value’ will always be manually work by labor even in the future. It is when the good becomes commoditized, when it loses its intrinsic value and becomes automate-able.








Cryptocurrency in Sixtusian Empire




Cryptocurrency was banned under the Kaiser’s rule. Kaiser’s remarks on cryptocurrency:

“No. Crypto cannot exist in the empire, it will screw up our money supply. Those cryptards (portmanteau of crypto and retards) can go fuck themselves.”

Kingdom Citadel on questioned if cryptocurrency will return:

“For this matter I vehemently agreed with Kaiser’s words. We will be continuing Kaiser’s policy banning of cryptocurrency.”

Early Sixtusian crackdown of cryptocurrency is pretty intense even taking its matter by infiltrating illegal crypto exchange operations outside the empire, this caused liquidity of cryptocurrency pretty horrible and unsustainable however shortly rise of Citadel’s regime, crypto was able to thrive again as Sixtus became much more relaxed in its foreign policies. However, when cryptocurrency reigned supreme in 2045 just a year after Kaiser’s fall, it then became a thorn for the Sixtusian government again as it causes many illegal transactions in the black market. It then screws Sixtusian’ monetary policies as capital flight to the cryptocurrency weakens the legitimacy of Sixtusian Centurion in international transactions.

The Sixtusian had enough and launched Operation Cryptard in the early of 2046 which aimed to destroy the confidence of the cryptocurrency by simply overflowing its money supply and have the government control all of the cryptocurrencies in the galaxy. The government-built thousands of supercomputers which able to control 70% of all crypto mining and then formed undercover agents to buy as much black-market goods as possible to obtain a lot of cryptocurrencies. The Sixtusian government then possess 70% of all cryptocurrencies which they had absolute control of the currencies and able to alternate the ledger and screws up the validation and consensus. By 2047, the market loses confidence with the cryptocurrency as the true valid ledger are distorted by Sixtusian government manipulated ledger. With this, the entire world of cryptocurrency collapses and it hasn’t recovered since Operation Cryptard.
