Overthrowing the Impossible

Since the start of War of the Universe, the opposition party of Sixtusian Democratic Party (SDP) has successfully inflict significant reputation damage of the Kaiser. War of the Universe, conscription policy, totalitarian state has severely damaged Kaiser’s image; he has been effectively painted as ‘mad conqueror of the galaxy’. His popular support is waning, demanding the Kaiser to resign as he has not only achieved his goals but far outachieve it.

The Coalition of Timekeepers anticipated this chaos by strengthen the SDP. Kingdom Citadel, the leader of SDP and Coalition of Timekeeper hasn’t disobeyed Kaiser’s orders yet, however he started a secretive movement to anticipate the ‘inevitable’ fall of the Kaiser. SDP began rebelling and disobeying against the Totalitarian Party’s orders after War of the Universe, increasingly irritating the dominant party. The situation worsened in the 2040 Sindom Massacre which killed 14 SDP politicians. Just a month after the massacre, the government of Totalitarian party controlled Sindom state was overthrown by joint faction of SDP and other anti-Kaiser movements as a retaliation. The coup d’etat caused massive political instability, throwing Sixtusian government system into dysfunctional; later Enguevivo did the same thing in the following year on 2041, sparking even more instability. However, Kaiser’s grip of power was still relatively powerful on the federal level.

The enforcement of replacing UDE’s feudalist society with Sixtusian’ social-capitalist system was met with great disaster. The aggressive industrialization and mass relocation policies killed significant of Dionarians, most died of starvation and diseases. The cumulative death toll rose from 6 million in 2038 to 350 million by 2043. The news received significant spotlight starting in 2042, intensifying the already strained support of the Kaiser. Many compared the Kaiser similar to his father who committed the Eltravivorian genocide although Kaiser technically did not commit any serious universal rights violation. 

In the meanwhile, rebellion sprung up across Earth and Cassantor following War of the Universe. The former caliphate replaced by Sixtusian military administration (the MENA, South Asia and Central Asia) had become the poorest region on Earth, turning itself a hotbed for rebellion. Despite the population of Sixtus-occupied former Caliphate are around +1.4 billion people, the occupation was tight and repressive; stationed around 4.3 million Sixtusian-allied troops in the region which means 1 soldier per 325 civilians, among the highest of ratio occupying troops. 

The internals of Totalitarian Party and Sixtusian Force realized the increasingly bad image of the Kaiser and began secretly discussing on overthrowing the Kaiser out and planning to replace a new First Secretary of the Totalitarian Party. The Kaiser founds out and launched a mass purge on March 2044 which hundreds of the party internals and the high command military officers were forcibly sent to penal colony in the fringe planets. The purge also targeted Hussando, the Commander of the Sixtusian Force but he was noticed quickly and fled to SDP-controlled Sindom state. The purge was unexpectedly becoming one of Kaiser’s greatest blunder, sparking unrest on federal level. 

Within a week after the purge, the Sixtusian Force Defectors was led by Hussando, sided with the SDP. The Sixtusian federal government collapses after the incident and the entire country was declared lockdown (except in Sindom and Enguevivo). Seizing opportunity, many rebel movements in colonized territories of Outerboundary started to launch mass rebellion en masse, coordinating together with the opposition. The Outerboundary government was rapidly overwhelmed and by April 2044, the Ministry of Outerboundary was de facto cease to function. In the meanwhile, an overwhelming of upset Totalitarian Party unanimously expelled all Kaiser’s remaining supporters and declared Kaiser’s First Secretary position as void and nominate a new First Secretary, leaving the Kaiser partyless. With Totalitarian Party itself antagonized the Kaiser, the Bunderlife state falls to the opposition. By now, only Kaiser’s family, Kingsgard and federal government still on Kaiser’s grip, fall was inevitable.

On 27 April 2044, Army Defector, Coalition of the Timekeepers, many Sixtusian megacorporations, opposition parties and SDP launched its first coup d’etat move against the Kaiser with a force of over 1 million seized the Kingdom of Kingsgard. In just one day, the entire Kingdom of Kingsgard collapsed and the Prince of Kingsgard surrendered full control to the opposition. 


Kaiser’s Fate





Rules within Kaiser’s Timekeepers and Deleted Timelines

An overly centralized power will greatly limit Kaiser’s ability to rule an expansive empire especially an overly extended empire. To help realizing his empire, he delegated the tasks to Timekeepers. Kaiser’s remarks on establishing an authoritarian yet meritocratic system within his government with Timekeepers filling important positions to realize the Sixtusian Empire:

“You do know it is impossible one to control everything hence I give mandate to Timekeepers to certain position and mold their identity into the position I assign them to. What they are and what they do will inevitably manifest their behavior, their appearances, their livelihood, their hobby and even taste of music. I mean, if you know… one of my Timekeeper is an idol, she was assigned to become a virtual celebrity whose job is to stream, sings and acts like an idol, becoming a representative of the young people, to become the manipulator of masses, an infinitely better communicator to young people than I would ever be. Once I saw the potential, reformed her pathetic fate, transform her and gave a purpose in the world than she would even ever fucking imagine. Remember these Timekeepers are free-floating entity, their identity can be changed if they hated the identity that was assigned but if they like it then it will be a deal.”

Kaiser had personally mentored dozens of young Timekeepers to become Kaiser’s personal helper and joined on Kaiser side. The naiveity of young Timekeepers are exploited heavily by the Kaiser and were provided with luxury apartments, cars, significant money and materials for them. Some argued these Timekeepers essentially put into some kind of ‘time loop slavery’ where they cannot escape from their fate until they were killed off, ‘nirvana-ed’ or removed from existence completely. These Timekeepers are practically banned from leaving as they were possessing ‘forbidden knowledge’ which make them permanently bind them to Kaiser’s grip.

Kaiser knows the problem of political consciousness of Timekeepers is one of the biggest threats to the Kaiser. To remedy it, Kaiser enforces them by supplementing false consciousness: give them materialistic things and direct-sense gratification like social or appreciation. By default, Kaiser’s Timekeepers will be self-estranged, prevent them from idle at all cost, prevented from diving into higher level consciousness and deliberately stripped its ability to determine its destiny; one’s life was dictated by the Kaiser to prevent them ever rebelling against the Kaiser.

Kaiser operate his Timekeepers by opaquing his actions as possible by an example: ordering non-sensical orders like sending soldiers to some wasteland to cut some cactus. This all is to prevent the Coalition of Timekeeper from overthrowing the Kaiser which are threat since they had openly denounced the Kaiser. However, the head of the Coalition, Kingdom Citadel, is also Kaiser’s right-hand man. This is because Citadel had same goals to rise the Empire and had absolute faith with Kaiser’s ability but Citadel heavily dislikes the Kaiser’s totalitarian dictatorship which centralized power to the Kaiser, instead Citadel was in favor of some kind of Timekeeper’s aristocracy where the privileged Timekeeper rule the empire. 

In many cases, Citadel had to concede since Kaiser’s action is pragmatic to rise the empire but damaging to the Coalition; an example: Citadel deliberately do the ‘lettement’ (to let it happen) of some horrific things happens (like genocide) in order to convince Timekeepers to join the Coalition to further justify the overthrow of Kaiser from power. Compared to Kaiser’s Timekeeper which peaked only around 30 Timekeepers, Citadel was able to amassed over 300 Timekeepers into the Coalition. Citadel remarked about the Kaiser:

“There is only two valid opinion of a Timekeeper towards the Kaiser: ‘I don’t care and I don’t want get involved’ or ‘I hate the Kaiser’. There is no in-between. With this, one thing is absolute: Not a single Timekeeper likes the Kaiser.”
