Casualties of Kaiser’s Conquest

The casualties of Kaiser’s mad conquest is that most of deaths was caused by economic disruption and supply chain destruction; the worst of it was Sixtusian’ monopolistic control of the vaccines that prevents contagion; they had total control of pathogen elimination. In War of the Universe, total casualties reached over 3 billion, many that died was caused by biological warfare where the Sixtusian simply formed a highly secretive yet small unit biological specialist force of ~300 members that creates viruses that kills non-Safarian race; it was delivered secretly. 

To assert authority, the Sixtusian did the capitalist card trick by ‘Create the problem and sell the solution’, the Sixtusian both spread and cure the diseases. Since Safarian are not affected and the government is under Kaiser’s authoritarian rule, the diseases simply blamed on unconducive political conditions that disturb the supply chain and made it difficult to deliver the vaccines and medicines. The lesser races (Cassantors, Humans) are at the mercy of Sixtusian Empire, Dionarian are able to manufacture its own vaccines but thanks to its semi-feudalist society, its industrial capability was lacking and only produce for the upper classes. Only the Elven and Titan race were able to resist all biological threats completely.

By actively screwing up and fiddling politics of other nations, Kaiser knows this will destabilize those countries and cause immigrants to enter Sixtus. Kaiser remarks:

“Yes, I know by fucking around these countries I will cause them to enter Sixtus. But unlike hypocritical Europeans and Americans who dislikes immigrants, I from day one had likened the idea of immigrants or destabilize other country so that the Sixtusian Empire will gain free labors. Sixtusian’s social-capitalism is an ideology that believes on ushering true socialism, a true, very transparent and tangible goals. Those pesky idiot Earth westoid’s ideology and philosophy of ‘freedom’ and ‘democracy’ were pathetic ideologies that has no tangible meaning. Instead the only true goal is to achieve socialism, extract resources from space and build technology to delegate manual labour to machinery and liberate the workforce!”

As a consequence of being a Timekeeper, Kaiser is an accelerationist. Rapid iteration to rapidly advance technology while somewhat sacrificing social values and structure of society. Uberwelt, creating unified super culture is aimed to destroy pre-existing cultures that were inferior and potentially friction with cultures. 

Kaiser absolutely knows and felt the horror and terror of his actions however he justified it on his remarks:

“To conquer the universe, I must destroy the state and override it with a new culture. With it, basically I had to two options: Either kill people or convert them. Killing them is much faster while converting them takes time. I try at my absolute best to not kill people unfortunately some people’s mind is hard to change. Once you indoctrinate a person, the pattern in their brain was solidified. The belief and the body merges.”

“Once a person merges themselves with an ideology, it will be sunk cost fallacy. Hence, the only way to get rid it is to disintegrate their body, reduce them to atom, return them to nature and let that atoms be converted to a new being, lifeform.” 

Kaiser can be easily classified of being a psychopath and a tyrant however his lack of moral and ethics are a clear consequence from being a Timekeeper. Kaiser psychopathy was not from its nature but rather thanks to Timekeeper’s eternal loop madness and his control of the Machine of Madness. Kaiser’s emancipation can be classified as ‘too much emancipation’ which turns him into an ‘the ultimate ubermensch’ and ‘the most final and complete of Ubermensch’. Citadel remarks:

“I cannot help to think that the Kaiser thought he is God of the world by possessing the Machine of Madness and controlling all of Timekeepers. By the end War of the Universe, he thought that he is a greater being than a God. He believes that he is the most complete version of the superior man.”

The biggest source of deaths is the transmission of diseases. Prior Sixtusian Empire arrived on Earth in 2016, they have conducted a very careful kidnapping to experiment human beings to research on building a vaccine and medicines to prevent Safarian diseases and pathogens potentially killing many of the human populace. Upon their arrival, the Sixtusian Empire immediately distributing billions of medicines and vaccines however despite Kaiser’s ultimate priority and best effort through his Timekeeper abilities, some Earth populace were resistant against the ‘alien invaders’ who suddenly began distributing vaccines without clear communication then encountered logistics problems when mass protests erupted. Eventually, a pandemic quickly sprung up and wiping out 250 million humans until it stopped in 2021 when everyone finally started to become desperate and take Sixtusian medicines.

The pandemic instantly subjugated the human race; however, it caused significant political instability. The Sixtusian-Alphanian War distracted the Sixtusian from foreign matters and the Earth becomes embroiled in political and social issues. After the war, the Sixtus becomes very aggressively intervenes Earth’s geopolitics starting from Sixtusian Invasion of North Korea, Invasion of DR Congo and launching Operation Enpurification which is a genocide that murdered over 300k people (mostly Mexicans) in the span of a decade to combat drugs, ‘depopulate’ degenerates and finish off drug users. Having the Sixtusian Empire involve directly killing the masses would be horrible to the empire’s image, instead, the Kaiser initiated divide and conquer strategy to rapidly finish off people that Kaiser classified as ‘savage animals’ and politically active people. 

On one instance, Kaiser’s hatred of the Muslims led the initiation of propaganda divide the Muslim and Hindus, transferring significant technologies to America, Europe, East Asia and India but forbid any Muslim countries or poor African countries to gain any under the pretext ‘still barbarian state’. This then raised significant tensions and despite Sixtus import a lot of oils and absorb immigrants, Kaiser antagonism towards the religion and hinted at cultural genocide build up angers amongst them. The rise of Caliphate in 2027 that overthrow Gulf States then intensify the tensions further, which Sixtus enforced trade embargo and total trade blockade. During War of the Universe, the Sixtusian Empire was heavily distracted by the United Dionary Empire which the Caliphate uses its opportunity to invade and topple many countries on Earth. The Caliphate forged allies with every Muslim country however Caliphate’s invasion of Israel and conquest of Turkey’s Kurdistan caused significant backlash which then no-one was supporting the Caliphate. With the war ongoing with UDE, the combined alliance of Sixtusian Empire and United Nations of around 40+ countries declared war against the Caliphate in July 2033 when the Caliphate launched a July Plot which failed to kill the Kaiser, only was badly wounded in the assassination attempt. With no room for retreat, the Caliphate began invading in all directions with its peak reaching:
•	In Europe, they reached maximum extent 70km from Serbian southern borders and sieging Bucharest for several months before being pushed back. Greece & Albania occupied with Montenegro barely occupied.
•	The entire MENA region was under the Caliphate rule with exception of Morocco. 
•	In South Asia, Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan was totally occupied while Nepal and Bhutan barely occupied. In India, all of North India were occupied while the South are still under the control of Indian government.
•	In South-East Asia, its maximum extent is at the borders of Thailand and 70km into China’s Yunnan borders.
•	In Central Asia, all except Kazakhstan was under the Caliphate rule. The Caliphate penetrate deep into Xinjiang, from the north 360 km into the borders, just 60km from Urumqi, Xinjiang’s provincial capital and conquering Hotan prefecture and barely the Bayingolin prefecture. Tibet was barely occupied due to its geography and lack of strategic importance especially lack of Muslims.







Brainwash of Sixtusian Soldiers




Sixtus has a highly secular, moral and intelligent population this made it almost impossible to turn Sixtusian into a killing machine. But Kaiser ingenious technic to justify Sixtusian soldier to kill civilians is not by fear or terror but by twisting their fundamentals belief of the world.

Social-Capitalism basically teaches that everyone including foreign races such as humans, Titans, Dionarians, etc are obliged to be equally treated like the Safarians, the main race of Sixtusian Empire. With this, every race should treat like brothers and sisters because they are united in one common element: carbon lifeform. With this in mind, it is also taught that everyone is made up of atoms and then if they die, they decompose, disintegrate into disorganized atoms and will ‘return’ to nature.

The Empire teaches that when killing a person, they are not making that person de-exist or disappear, instead they are simply disintegrating and becomes unorganized atoms. Justification is that the atoms of Sixtusian are arranged in the ‘right’ order while their enemies are arranged in the ‘wrong’ order so in order to correct it, they must disintegrate them and return them back to nature. This is used from Sixtusian’ progressivism standpoint where abortion is very common if the pregnant child is discovered to be disabled; by killing it, you are able to prevent the future suffering of the child or put it in other ‘poetic’ words: the atoms of the future child will be in the wrong order so in order to correct, we must kill it, disintegrate it to return it to nature then pregnant another child and hopes the next child will be in the right order. 

Sixtusian Army soldier’s handbook of when killing a person:

“The person you are killing is a defect being, their atoms have been composed together in the wrong order that made their brain’s pattern not ‘straight’. By killing them, you are returning them to nature. Then it will reborn as a new being, potentially reborn as a Sixtusian with less ‘error’ as they will be educated in Sixtusian way. By then, by killing them, you are lessening the suffering of these people. It is like when you are terminally sick then you must do euthanasia or baby is disabled so you must abort it. Killing these degenerate and defect people is the same as the aborting a defect baby or killing yourself from suffering.”






Deleted Timelines





With the Machine of Madness under Kaiser’s possession, it is inevitable that the Kaiser will use the Machine to conduct experiment or do some stupid things with it. Most of his experiments are social experiment intended as a joke or to see the reaction of ‘naive’ people he called. This included the notorious numerous summoning incidents of several ambassadors into the Kaiser’s Palace only to be called by racial slurs as an ‘experiment’. Or the other is insulting other religion like calling one of Dionary’s religion as a ‘Gay sex cult’ or the notorious remark of ‘black ninja shinobi’ of burqa clothes.

His mad experiments are mostly quickly reversed using the Machine of Madness and only Timekeepers are the witness of these events. This is called the ‘Deleted Timelines’, timelines that were scrapped by the Kaiser, becoming non-canon events. 

This level of exploitation of Machine of Madness meant technically many things has already happened. The possibilities are possibly already happened, it just that, it was only witnessed by Timekeeper, making it overwhelmingly undocumented.





Send-Down Youth




With Sixtus move towards reindustrialization, the Sixtusian government initiated mandatory social programs for the youths to work in factories, mining or resource extraction. These social programs can replace half-time of mandatory military service. The Send-Down Youth program was needed due to Sixtusian corporations failed to attract young people to work, constantly vacant jobs even with attractive income and perks. Kaiser argued that the service sector and entertainment industry has grown like ‘cancer’ and caused people to become lazy, by dragging people from their ‘houses’ and establish a totalitarian rule, Kaiser argued he could mobilize Sixtusian citizens quicker.

One of the ‘send-down youth’ objective is the temporary reduction of complex identity to singular identical identities. The justification is that in modern society, everyone focuses on different things and becomes alienated as everyone’s understanding of the world converges. By initiating social programs, Kaiser hopes to reduce alienation and creates a harmonious cohesive society that will not clash each other. 

The spirit of pre-Kaiser Sixtusian according to Kaiser: lazy, nihilism, lack of direction. Kaiser wanted to spark some kind of national rejuvenation in which the young’s inner self will be unleashed and maximize their potentiality. According to Kaiser, he sees the madness of the current era where people consume more than they are able to swallow it: becoming fat, unhealthy from overconsumption or people unable to do great things because the stigma or the ‘holding back’ due to fear or their everyday pattern had solidified and unable to change their behavior. Kaiser’s theory is that people must be dragged out from their homes, cross outside the line and be the greatest version of one’s self. Those who lives blissfully and in ignorance will wake up in a greater nightmare, unable to face up the challenge they had presented upon to:

“When the mass society chanted parents must be soft, ‘don’t hit their child’ and ‘parent abuse’, they are making the child into passive, conformist, slaves to the society. When the child is living in the bliss, oblivious, they will wake up in a greater nightmare. Reality hits. A mental state is like workout, one must hit themselves in the head to become more mentally hardened because in our mistakes, we became more self-consciousness, able to correct our mistakes.”

“The world has been given false consciousness that we must treat our child like a toddler. Our children must be slapped with reality and throw them to the streets to become the greatest version of one’s self.”


