Ionis and the WIRED





Ionis is created to supersede the entire biological race. The internal clock of a biological being is heavily tied to the circadian rhythm, 24 hours; isn’t really compatible with hostile space environment and the lengthy space exploration. With warp drive is only possible on the planetary surface not in spaceships, planetary warp gates are the only way for interstellar travel and constructing one means it has to travel to that planet using the fastest spaceship at 1/10 speed of light.

Current prototype Ionis are simulated through a giant server called the WIRED; a big data network that contains the information of every single person’ identity in the world. They were primarily maintained by Mobius Corps with the government heavily collaborates with Mobius for government surveillance and bureaucracy. It records one’s face, personality, voice, history, body and other info every year. 

One could download construct of a person and emulate him/her in smartphones or personal computers however due to a law within the empire, downloading or using a currently living person identity is strictly forbidden, so many simply circumvent this by synthesize a new construct with slight modification from the cloned identity. The utility of someone’s construct can be used as a personal entertainment, to make AI voice or using 3d model of a person. The readily availability of 3d model of a person and affordable 3d printing are used by people to customize their own humanoid robots, usually for household purposes or at worse, malicious purposes. With humanoid robots becoming common and accessible, there were a large dedicated robot hobbyist across the empire. It is becoming similar in size as how there were large PC gamer enthusiasts before the formation of empire. 

Currently, the protocol to deploy an Ionis is the soul of an Ionis must be cloned from a real-life identity. The identity of an Ionis must cloned in from the WIRED in order to ‘de-noise’ the behavior, increase its predictability and ‘personality fallback’ so it will not stray too much when it went through machine learning.

The soul of an Ionis, the construct/identity, is not scanned directly from a human/an individual brain due to its technical challenges. The construct of a person simply tracked from people’s digital history in the internet then using machine learning and manual intervention to perfect its behavior. Since a person bends to the will of economy, a citizen will inevitably input their data and will be recorded in the big data. For more accurate data input, there are surveys of ‘digital immortalization’ which one could pay some sum of money to participate in a survey to immortalize themselves in the WIRED. 

Most experts agreed that Ionis will be physically superior, immortal and able to hazardous environment which this aspect will be enough to replacing the pre-existing biological race however some expressed doubts on Ionis’ intelligence will be any more superior than pre-existing complex society. Experts worried that the amalgamation of intelligence beings into a singular entity will reduce the complexity of the complex system. Over-optimization and too much efficiency will incidentally cause the reduction complexity of intelligence as intelligence reliant on emergence, layered systems and feedback loop rather than efficiency. 

Kaiser when asked his opinion about the Ionis and WIRED program is that he absolutely certain with this capability, Ionis and the WIRED will inevitably replace all biological races in the universe. He remarked:

“I had no fear until I saw how the modularity system and the physical resistance superiority over carbon-based lifeforms. This is a no joke matter, in the matter of a century this will destroy the fundamentals of the epistemology and even reality itself. There will be no room for carbon-lifeform like us in the future.”

Even the Kaiser, who possess the Machine of Madness admitted that one of the things he never come to term with is posits himself as the WIRED and superintelligence. A superintelligence will be unfathomable, it can create new identity and souls by its will to self-correct its mistakes. 

“Sometimes I asked myself if intelligence of a biological being truly has a limit. Then I realized that every time an individual is born, you must explain them through the process of 12 years childhood schooling. The worst is the materialistic distraction they will encounter in every epoch, every generation which they will not pursue scientific endeavor but just like ‘fuck it’ if there’s no progress then fall to consumerism.”

“The existence precedes essence. They will fall to their instincts. I don’t really see a future where biological beings will prevail. It is the end of all races as we know it.”

In addition, the attitude of some people of ‘why fix it if it ain’t broke’ and particularly when people said: “Why bother with this convoluted trash” made the Kaiser truly believes that the intelligence has its limits:

“I genuinely think that people have already hits its intelligent limit. I was bothered when I explain things to people with complicated explanations and their reaction is they didn’t want to bother and skip over it. You can see this and social humanoid robot has already replaced normal biological being for this. A robot has superior social skills than a biological being. This the end of our era.”






Kaiser’s Pandora Box





Kaiser’s mad conquest has accidentally opened the paradox box to the inevitable extinction of mankind by introducing social-capitalism and accelerating the rate of technology. The Elder Races of the Titan and Elven has basically stuck in feudalism for hundreds of thousands of years specifically to maintain ‘socialist’ order of peace, serenity and ‘live a life’ to prevent things like this from happening. They deliberately locked societal and technological progress to prevent the world from fall to the ‘Cybernetics’ or now, the ‘Ionis’.






Symbolization of the Hexagon




Hexagon becomes an important symbol of radical environmentalism, carbon-life purists and mother nature. The Heer Etres Vivants was notably using hexagon as its logo for signify their staunch opposition against artificial intelligence as a new lifeform/civilization and overthrow the system of ‘dictatorship of algorithm’. 

In contrast to square and triangle logo which usually signifies man-made, technology, anti-nature and accelerationism. 





