Chaos Theory, Parallel Universes and Complex Systems

As a Timekeeper, we can see the parallels of the many universe, each with its own slight variations. Chaos theory is very visible for Timekeepers, in fact it is one of the first thing that we are able to notice. We saw living beings are extremely susceptible to changes, it is like chain reaction, its direction can be absolutely unpredictable and within just a week, events from far away that supposed to happened, changed because of the minuscule of our actions.

However not everything is a butterfly effect. Things that Timekeepers wants to affect can be nullified by the “Opposite Forces”. These opposite forces are for example, you want to manipulate a person but then gets negated by their relatives or friends. A stark contrast to non-living organism with no complex system. Earthquakes, volcanic explosion and asteroid strikes can be very predictable and very hard to be manipulated, it tends to be very persistent and no Timekeeper could even stop it unless they completely destroy the planet.

Systems with greater complexity are easily manipulated by Timekeepers. Systems that are complex are indicated by its non-linearity, emergence, spontaneous order, feedback loop. A Bunderlifean scholar explains regarding spontaneous order:

“Things seemingly stupid but if multiplied into millions will becomes intelligent. New properties emerge from dumb things. The input needs to be able to take from the output, allowing iterative changes and constant improvement. Chaos will create accidentally creates order.”

Every individual in the world have a task given to them. If all only do one task or only worked in agriculture then it will be a very unproductive society, instead every person must delegate its task to something, a function. A totalitarian state would be very ineffective form of government unless the leader is a God-like figure that knows a forbidden knowledge from the future (like the Kaiser). Usually a totalitarian kills the imagination of a person, it takes a very naïve approach of only designing a society only from its surface rather than having faith on the populace to create emergence mechanics.

In grand scheme of things (from the multiverse perspective), Timekeepers will separate things in which they can control and which they can’t. There is a thing called inheritance, in which the child must not know what the parent is doing. The Timekeepers must know they cannot control things in the past and only things within their grasp.


Rules within Kaiser’s Timekeepers

The Kaiser was very well aware of the rigidity of an overly authoritative/police state. To help realizing the empire, he delegated the tasks from recruited Timekeepers. Kaiser’s remarks on establishing an authoritarian yet meritocratic system within his government to realize the Sixtusian Empire:

“Usually these pretentious idiot intellectuals thought I am a totalitarian dictator and suppress idiot civil rights. Every country is actually suppressing their own citizen, every country has a law and that law is a confinement to lock people at bay. The biggest different of a democratic system and totalitarian system is that people lives in democracy doesn’t know that they are being lied to while in totalitarian system they knew they live under lies and repression. These new extensive measures of the new Sixtusian government is to laser focus our main objective: to build a space empire and build an interstellar hyperpower state in the galaxy. If I implement democracy, the neoliberalists and corporations will rule the country hence long-term objective of galactic hyperpower state can never be achieved.”

It is without doubt that Kaiser’s policies shifted towards the socialist or leftist spectrum. Food was extensively subsidized, not for food security but rather to deliberately limit food production in order to gain control of populace. Kaiser absolutely realized the power of economy that can control the populace more powerful than any instrument or ideological indoctrination. It just works. Kaiser noted:

“You will be fucking shocked at how flawless the economic machine can do to manipulate the population. If you cannot control the population using propaganda then you must control them subconsciously, via economy. Mass society are very vulnerable to be controlled by the establishment, the economic system, the society and its culture. The world will bend towards the upper class’ will and wishes. The obeyment of a man and his family to the system, the nation.”

It is said distracting the population good enough and they will not be able to topple the ruling capitalist or upper class. Information is transparent and free in the cyberspace however the economic system demands many to work 50 hours a week hence prevents many people to be able to intellectually analyzes texts and diving it deeper. With this centralization of information will again, be the norm.

This parallels to how the Kaiser’s operate the Timekeepers’ interests balance. Kaiser’s main goal is to opaque as much as his actions as possible by ordering non-sensical orders like send 10 soldiers in Kingsgard desert to cut some cactus. Kaiser very much knows that while the Coalition of Timekeeper collectively wants to overthrow the Kaiser, each Timekeeper in it has different interests and goals. The head of the Coalition, Kingdom Citadel, is Kaiser’s right-hand man because Citadel had absolute faith with Kaiser’s goals and ideology to rise the Sixtusian Empire but heavily dislikes Kaiser’s brutal, authoritarian methods to execute his goals. In many cases, Citadel had to concede since Kaiser’s action is pragmatic to rise the empire but damaging to the Coalition.

However, Citadel himself also deliberately do the ‘lettement’ (to let it happen) of some horrific things happens (like genocide) in order Citadel could rise and convince additional Timekeepers to the Coalition to overthrow the Kaiser from power. Compared to Kaiser’s Timekeeper which peaked only around 20 Timekeepers, Citadel was able to amassed over 300 Timekeepers into the Coalition. Citadel remarked about the Kaiser:

“There is only two valid opinion of a Timekeeper towards the Kaiser: ‘I don’t care and I don’t want get involved’ or ‘I hate the Kaiser’. There is no in-between. With this, one thing is absolute: Not a single Timekeeper likes the Kaiser.”


