Kaiser’s Problems Towards Religions

During Sixtusian Occupation of Earth, King Dragoness’ regime has major problem with Islam, especially its political movement. Pahliv Aul Said being a Timekeeper has caused significant problem by declaring himself Caliph and his caliphate movement. The Kaiser regarded the religion as the most toxic religion that cannot be removed but must be ‘neutralized’ by the empire. 

When he was asked in an interview about Pahliv’s regime shortly after the Caliphate’s fall, he responded:

“The Caliphate is a just another rebel group. The Caliphate pretend itself to be ‘Oh! Rise up my brother! It’s jihad time my friend! We- we must rise up against the oppression of this alien, Sixtusian Empire and remove elements of colonialism! Oh, we are going to get colonized by Safarian aliens!’. All of these idiots do is simply resisting technological and societal progress. It is without doubt inferior cultures will become obsolete particularly if the cultures have too many rules and restrictions. Few of Earth’s culture will retain but the retarded ones will be gone, like the forcing women to wear black ninja shinobi clothes all the time or in another religion, women become second-class citizen or in another, women become conformist and slave to the man. This multiculturism, cultural preservation like UNESCO is idiot. Every culture is trash.”

Kaiser firmly believes in the Uberwelt, meant superior culture; this superior culture was a critical part of the Sixtusian Empire expansion especially on Earth where Safarian and Human had great similarities. Sixtusian pop culture has mostly successfully permeated to Earth young generations. Sixtusian’ secular and popular culture made it easy to integrate and replacing Earth’s internationalist young pop culture of gaming, pop culture; K-Pop, Japanese, American, European pop culture are quick to be made diminished however in local regions, the local culture are still powerful. It is the Earth’s own ‘international’ pop culture that is diminishing.

However, Islamic countries was in particular hard for Sixtusian culture to enter. These cultures are protectionist, isolationist and orthodox in its nature, no matter how strong effort by the Kaiser, it was very hard to ‘replace’ the culture. Kaiser’s hatred of the religion does not come with their ideologies but rather in what the Kaiser described them being the overly defensive ‘self-righteous’ defender of the faith. How they react, their customs and how they treated other non-believers will inevitably cause friction with other cultures. When immigrants started to flow in to the empire after the Caliphate collapsed, their refusal to abandon their custom clashed with Sixtusian local citizens.

Sixtusian politicians somehow mitigate this by creating special district and send them to King Canyon Town which is a city overwhelmed with immigrants. However, the KCT city quickly sprawled into one of the most dangerous cities with both being the poorest and highest crime in the entire nation, every month there’ll be an interethnic/religious violence between Muslim or/and other immigrants.

In Kaiser’s observation he saw the religion’s orthodoxy and haram-ization of bi’dah has caused these Muslims to be intellectually backwards. People inside the faith has severe restriction or at least feared reprisal or afraid committing of sins. To do anything they must consulted to their local religious leader to adhere the conventional pieties. Kaiser believes these convoluted, red-tape systems are going to kill potential intellectuals and stagnated intelligence.

In one of his interviews with the state media, he called them and other religions out: 

“You have idiots clinging their faith to millennium-old religion. Then every religion, has these ‘reformers’ and ‘orthodox’. These two factions basically it said itself, one wants to reform to better adapt to the new society or the orthodox are basically conservatives who wants to going back to the fucking roots or whatever. If you look the retarded Marxist, Fairtolic, Safarian Communitarianism, Chronostianity, is the same shit, you have one side says, ‘oh We must going back to the roots! We must adhere to the old values!’ then you have idiot hermeneutics analyzer analyzes biblical texts, Communist Manifesto, religious texts to interpret or ‘tafsir’ the texts and twisted them with mental gymnastics to fit with the ‘new political revivalist movement’. Faggot revivalist movement like the Salafist, Jehovah or basically any political movements is technically just to make the poor bastard to be brainwashed be ruled by the elites.”

Conversely, the Kaiser knows on how to control the populace using religion and cultural dominance. While never talked about it on public, the Coalition mentioned how the Kaiser’s regime wants to avoid the Arab and India problem where the significant Muslim and Hindus were once colonized by Europeans but its culture failed to be replaced. Then this failure causes consequences where the Arab and European cultures clashes with Europeans’ way of life. 

Kaiser seeks achievements like which akin to Africa and Latin America, where the Europeans successfully implement near total uberwelt to their culture. Latin America and Africa is described by the Kaiser, ‘civilizationally inferior’ is becoming a subject of the Western powers. The Kaiser remarked:

“I saw the amazing effort by the Europeans which parallels to Safarian’ Eltravivor Empire which nearly uberwelt every country it colonized. Sixtusian language even today are some derived from Eltravivorian language.” 





