Forbidden Knowledge



The most central theme of Timekeepers is bringing a forbidden knowledge from the future and bringing to the past/present, causing a paradox. A forbidden knowledge has widely interpretation depending on one’s intelligence capability to comprehend it; it is relativism. 

Person that gains Timekeeper ability for the first time: to change the past. With temporality breaks down, one could attempt to experience many things previously unthought of or impossible to commit by non-Timekeepers. The amount of thing a Timekeeper can do or experience are linked to how many people exists in a society during at certain space and time. Timekeeper in the ancient times will have lesser effect than in modern time where chaos theory is very prevalent in modern times. It ties back to basic philosophy where the whole world existence is basically stored in the collective consciousness of the masses. A billboard or a sign has no meaning for animals, only those who understands will it be stored in the people’s mind. Nudging things in modern times will ripples greatly across space and time.

With the Machine of Madness, these collective memories from previous timelines are stored in every Timekeeper’s minds (who is alive and obtained the Timekeeper ability at certain point of time). During Kaiser’s possession of the machine, Timekeepers were always notified before the time vortex activated, even those who were opposed the Kaiser. Kaiser has strict protocol for ‘rewinding time’, only rewinds it when it was absolutely necessary or the outcome of events were putting Kaiser at disadvantaged position.

The Machine of Madness had little to no recorded history before Kaiser’s possession. The advent of computer and information technology blessed Timekeepers with ability to information keeping, rapid transfer information via internet which unlocks new abilities. Timekeepers before the Machine of Madness, are essentially living in their own bubble which they can live freely from any Timekeeper interference. The Machine changed the game totally. The Machine reintroduced some kind of linearity to Timekeepers in which Timekeepers are at the mercy of the Machine’s time vortex and they are no longer in the bubble, the Timekeepers events were shared amongst them all. 

As a consequence of the Machine, information of the ‘multiverse’ (from previous timeline) are persistent and held in the collective consciousness of the Timekeepers. It is a block of information chained together, floated in every Timekeeper’s head.

“A Timekeeper is bringing a forbidden knowledge from the future. There a Timekeeper will upset the next timeline. Causing a paradox.”

To understand how forbidden knowledge can screw a world, we need to look it as set of ordered instructions. The right order of information when presented in the right way can guide one’s path to new perspective, potentially able to drastically accelerate a civilization, rapid societal and technological progression. New ideas have to be collectively accepted by the masses in order to progress, its validity however, can be inaccurate or even straight up false but the important thing is that it must be accepted by the masses first. The acceptance of pre-mature information is a major problem for Timekeeper, which a Timekeeper are obliged to become a good narrator to balance between familiarity and innovativeness. A Timekeeper must not incite confusion and uncertainty, it must guide them in the right path, by giving a conceivable narrative that is believable. 

“Even the right information but presented in the wrong order will only cause confusion. You cannot take an information as in absent from spacetime, its context must also be understood.”

Concepts that are more abstract are less likely to be entangled to spacetime, example: Mathematics are area of studies that are completely independent from spacetime meanwhile psychology or sociology are extremely sensitive to Timekeeper’s disturbance. One nudge can completely shape it; basically, complex system can be easily disturbed by Timekeeper’s nudges. 

“The hierarchical complex system from impossible to be nudged to the most extreme case of butterfly effect: Mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, social science. When deconstructing it to more abstract-level: The law of math defines physics but not the way around. The law of physics defines chemistry but not the way around. And the law of biology defines sociology of a human but not the way around. A hierarchical dependency.”

A modern Timekeeper will be able to mold the many types of identities: a doctor, a radical, a girl, a boy, a celebrity or any identity. As a consequence of these identity changes, it gains knowledge previously missed in other identity; a Timekeeper will grow to become a rigorous critical theorist and develop perspective of the many. Learning holistically from all major social science like: psychology, history to economics & game theory, all will be essential in understanding a society in its totality. And in conjunction with its ability to order a set of information to a more coherent narrative, a Timekeeper can see pattern and view the world with from ‘God-like’ perspective.

The mechanism of Timekeeper and how it works never fully understood, many believe it was simply an error in the universe that all Timekeepers simply fully accepts. The study of Timekeeper works never mattered; it is perhaps a being that was thrown in to the world by God to see the effect of how much chaos will be inflicted if one could bring a forbidden knowledge from the future.

It is impossible to prove the existence of Timekeepers to mass society and only ‘blind faith’ of a man or telling one the right order of information can turn someone to believe the existence of a Timekeeper. Non-Timekeepers who didn’t believe Timekeepers existed were obviously could not be convinced with literal and direct information instead the Timekeepers must construct a narrative to convince one. As the Timekeepers themselves are an entity not entangled to space and time.



Mind Fixation and The Destruction of Substance



The primary goal of Social Capitalism is to liberate the workforce and delegate manual labor to machinery. This somewhat ties to a concept that is originated from another disciplinary subject: Mind Fixation. The liberation of mind from trivial things is essential to liberate the workforce. It is to make one’s mind to focus on greater things rather than menial and obsolete things.

The consequence of shifting focus of one’s mind from real things to less tangible thing can be varied. The perspective of most people is from the standpoint of the users or ‘ready-to-use’, e.g: We didn’t think the chainsaw as a ‘saw that has an internal engine and cuts with set of teeth attached to a rotating chain powered by a battery’, instead we just think it as a tool to saw wood faster and more practical. Manual sawing would be obsolete, no longer practical and economically viable but it will develop its own intrinsic value by reorient the narrative that manual sawing is artistic, a traditionalist cultural preservation thingy.

Another consequence is by doing replacement of our mind fixation with other things is the enablement of the state of forgetness, for example: our behavior with other people. When in a state of forgetness or an ‘NPC mode’, we do naïve approach to a person. In that state, we do not mind the emotion of the people in such depth, it did not analyze other people’s consciousness deeply. 

An example during modern-day peacetime: the longer it lasts, the more people diverge and converges. Everyone’s ego will be increasingly diverging and every identity of a man will become widely different over time. In this era, people will become increasingly isolated, less communitarian, disoriented and disjointed with the world, everyone will be living in their own island. They will all find the world cruel and complicated. However, during war time, complex system collapsed. Society becomes conformist, individual’s identity will be crushed and everyone will be similar & relatable. 

“During peace, everyone was minding their own business. In a way they went into a state of forgetness, repressing one’s potentially of higher-level of consciousness; they have been embroiled in false consciousness. In here, I felt anxiety the most and, in a world, full of people that are disillusioned with reality.”

“But in the most unexpected way, in war, I find peace and love of the people returned back. Their mind no longer fixated on trivial, intangible things, now they have their mind fixated on the life of their own and their own kind. When you strip people from materialism, they started to contemplate on themselves. They have been liberated from the enslavement of materialism.”



Chaos Theory, Emergence and Complex Systems



As a Timekeeper, we can see the parallels of the many universe, each with its own slight variations. Chaos theory is very visible for Timekeepers, in fact it is one of the first thing that we are able to notice. We saw living beings are extremely susceptible to changes, it is like chain reaction, its direction can be absolutely unpredictable and within just a week, events from far away that supposed to happened, changed because of the minuscule of our actions. However not everything is a butterfly effect. Things that Timekeepers wants to affect can be nullified by the “Opposite Forces”. These opposite forces are for example, you want to manipulate a person but then gets negated by their relatives or friends. A major event with lacking in complex system: earthquakes, volcanic explosion and asteroid strikes can be very predictable and very hard to be manipulated, it tends to be very persistent and no Timekeeper could even stop it unless they completely destroy the planet using nukes.

Systems with greater complexity are easily manipulated by Timekeepers. Systems that are complex are indicated by its non-linearity, emergence, spontaneous order, feedback loop. A Bunderlifean scholar explains regarding spontaneous order:

“Things seemingly stupid but if multiplied into millions will becomes intelligent. New properties emerge from dumb things. The input needs to be able to take from the output, allowing iterative changes and constant improvement. Chaos will accidentally create order.”

Every individual in the world have a task given to them. If all only do one task or only worked in agriculture then it will be a very unproductive society, instead every person must delegate its task to something, a function. A totalitarian state would be very ineffective form of government unless the leader is a God-like figure that knows a forbidden knowledge from the future (like the Kaiser). Usually a totalitarian kills the imagination of a person, it takes a very naïve approach of only designing a society only from its surface rather than having faith on the populace to create emergence mechanics.

In grand scheme of things (from the multiverse perspective), Timekeepers will separate things in which they can control and which they can’t. There is a thing called inheritance, in which the child must not know what the parent is doing. The Timekeepers must know they cannot control things in the past and only things within their grasp.



Rules within Kaiser’s Timekeepers and Deleted Timelines



An overly centralized power will greatly limit Kaiser’s ability to rule an expansive empire especially an overly extended empire. To help realizing his empire, he delegated the tasks to Timekeepers. Kaiser’s remarks on establishing an authoritarian yet meritocratic system within his government with Timekeepers filling important positions to realize the Sixtusian Empire:

“You do know it is impossible one to control everything hence I give mandate to Timekeepers to certain position and mold their identity into the position I assign them to. What they are and what they do will inevitably manifest their behavior, their appearances, their livelihood, their hobby and even taste of music. I mean, if you know… one of my Timekeeper is an idol, she was assigned to become a virtual celebrity whose job is to stream, sings and acts like an idol, becoming a representative of the young people, to become the manipulator of masses, an infinitely better communicator to young people than I would ever be. Once I saw the potential, reformed her pathetic fate, transform her and gave a purpose in the world than she would even ever fucking imagine. Remember these Timekeepers are free-floating entity, their identity can be changed if they hated the identity that was assigned but if they like it then it will be a deal.”

Kaiser had personally mentored dozens of young Timekeepers to become Kaiser’s personal helper and joined on Kaiser side. The naiveity of young Timekeepers are exploited heavily by the Kaiser and were provided with luxury apartments, cars, significant money and materials for them. Some argued these Timekeepers essentially put into some kind of ‘time loop slavery’ where they cannot escape from their fate until they were killed off, ‘nirvana-ed’ or removed from existence completely. These Timekeepers are practically banned from leaving as they were possessing ‘forbidden knowledge’ which make them permanently bind them to Kaiser’s grip.

Kaiser knows the problem of political consciousness of Timekeepers is one of the biggest threats to the Kaiser. To remedy it, Kaiser enforces them by supplementing false consciousness: give them materialistic things and direct-sense gratification like social or appreciation. By default, Kaiser’s Timekeepers will be self-estranged, prevent them from idle at all cost, prevented from diving into higher level consciousness and deliberately stripped its ability to determine its destiny; one’s life was dictated by the Kaiser to prevent them ever rebelling against the Kaiser.

Kaiser operate his Timekeepers by opaquing his actions as possible by an example: ordering non-sensical orders like sending soldiers to some wasteland to cut some cactus. This all is to prevent the Coalition of Timekeeper from overthrowing the Kaiser which are threat since they had openly denounced the Kaiser. However, the head of the Coalition, Kingdom Citadel, is also Kaiser’s right-hand man. This is because Citadel had same goals to rise the Empire and had absolute faith with Kaiser’s ability but Citadel heavily dislikes the Kaiser’s totalitarian dictatorship which centralized power to the Kaiser, instead Citadel was in favor of some kind of Timekeeper’s aristocracy where the privileged Timekeeper rule the empire. 

In many cases, Citadel had to concede since Kaiser’s action is pragmatic to rise the empire but damaging to the Coalition; an example: Citadel deliberately do the ‘lettement’ (to let it happen) of some horrific things happens (like genocide) in order to convince Timekeepers to join the Coalition to further justify the overthrow of Kaiser from power. Compared to Kaiser’s Timekeeper which peaked only around 30 Timekeepers, Citadel was able to amassed over 300 Timekeepers into the Coalition. Citadel remarked about the Kaiser:

“There is only two valid opinion of a Timekeeper towards the Kaiser: ‘I don’t care and I don’t want get involved’ or ‘I hate the Kaiser’. There is no in-between. With this, one thing is absolute: Not a single Timekeeper likes the Kaiser.”


Existence of God

Basically, there are 4 possibilities for the existence of God: ‘God does exist’, ‘God never exist’, ‘God will exist’ and ‘God no longer exist’. ‘God does exist’ are basically theism, believes the existence of a greater deity out there. ‘God never exist’ are atheism or agnostic and doesn’t believe a greater deity out there. ‘God will exist’ are a belief that thinks the greater deity is our creation. ‘God no longer exist’ believes that either we have killed God or it no longer exist in this world hence we might to somehow bring it back.
