Uberwelt/Superculture

Uberwelt or Superior Culture, is one of Kaiser’s ideological justification for Sixtusian imperialism and expansionism. Uberwelt are aimed to make a melting pot culture that takes elements from many cultures with the ultimate goal is to make a new ‘saturated colorful’ society comprised from many ethnics, race and religions which can make the society more complex, emergence mechanics and to expand the ‘greater entity’ of civilization. The reality of Uberwelt however, is to expand the Sixtusian Empire and somewhat ties to its main ideology of Social-Capitalism which by establishing a society with greater complexity will have the possibility of liberating the workforce.

The anti-conservative culture of Sixtus is primarily stemmed of Safarian race 900 years (from 1000 AD -1900 AD) of cultural and technological stagnation primarily caused by Elistar Empire impose anti-progression policy in Safar through Eltravivor Empire as its proxy state. The Elven race has manipulated the geopolitics of Safar into an eternal perpetual war between Salatan and Eltravivor Empire as it becomes a somewhat an entertainment and an experiment for the Elven. The gridlock situation was finally broken with rise of Social-Capitalism and Communitarianism movements in the 19th century with both of these destroyed Eltravivor in War of the End from 1967-1975 which ended up in a Sixtusian large-scale systematic genocide against the Eltravivor from 1975-1984 for being ‘traitor for the Safarian race’. With the fall of Eltravivor, Sixtus becomes one of the great powers in Safar and turns into the most culturally progressive and diverse country in Safar.

Uberwelt main objective is to build a superior culture that taking elements from all major cultures, religions, ethnics and race. However, in reality, Sixtusian Uberwelt is only a set dressing for establishing Sixtus as a superpower social-capitalist state, it is the equivalent of United States’ false promise of ‘American Dream’, individualism and freedom. The practice and reality of the Uberwelt is not peaceful coexistence of multiple cultures but it is to merge all culture in the world into one ‘universally’ accepted culture which this new culture has resolve every conflict with each other. With it, the new culture resolves all conflicts and people can focus on greater goals (like liberate the workforce and productivity) rather than be distracted on ‘stupid’ trivial, religious matters.

Kaiser concerned when culture refused to infuse new ideas. There are two spectrums of cultural diversity: homogeneous (one-dominant culture) and heterogeneous (multiculturalism). Each has its own advantages and disadvantages:

“Multiculturalism and multi-ethnic state are a major problem in that no one is unified. Idiot ultra-progressives chanted multiculturalism. This ‘united in diversity’ is absolutely retarded, if people with different values and ethics lived in a neighborhood, they will not be unified. Instead, they will build walls. This is especially true when the two cultures never reached consensus and its conflicts left unresolved.”

“I think it is absolute insanity for Earth, in Europe to be precise, that they haven’t resolve the cultural conflict between Islam and secularism but they decided to grab immigrants to the country. This reckless and a complete madness!”

Kaiser faced with major problems of heterogeneous society on attempting to put people of different cultures living on the same neighborhood: the rise of ambiguity and opaqueness. The opaqueness is the big problem in that a person from certain religion can uses their ‘religion card trick’ to avoid working long hours or avoid doing some tasks/ actions. The big hypocrite of multicultural state like Indonesia or United States, is that de jure, they proclaim the diversity but the common misconception is that people thinks is that having people of different ethnics, race and culture is ‘totally sustainable’. Kaiser said:

“People likes to think that it is possible to make three cultures exists together. This is madness. No cultures can exist together without either breaking apart or extinct/absorbed. Two contrasting differing values of different religions will absolutely conflict. If you fail to resolve this, it will keep getting bigger until it explodes into an inevitable war, either war in 10 years or war in 100 years.”

Kaiser argued most people in the United States simply never bothered to discuss their religion, cultures or anything. The people in the higher ups or tech companies usually operated at a what Kaiser quote, “secular, international, universalist, purist culture”:

“No idiots in corporations would want people to discuss religion or insert their values to the company. Companies diversified their employees and hire people from different ethnics, religions and race as if they are buying autistic colorful decorations for the office to make it more ‘lively’. The only way to collaborate of many differences is to trash one’s traditions of a religion, race or whatever in the office and impose ‘secular universalist’ values.”

However, culture itself can be an ambiguity. It is a very vague and blurred line. The big problem is that culture can encapsulate other cultures, forming a nested structure or an evolution, syncretic. A state with homogeneous culture does not form because of external threats, but rather the lack of it. Heterogeneous tends to form thanks to external threats hence people are much likely to unified there is a constant external threat. With a heterogeneous country, a bigger culture forms to main theme of example: ‘the Other who wants to destroys all of us’. Kaiser argues heterogeneous country cannot survive in an era of peace, at all. Different people can only unite if there’s a greater threat beyond. It is during peace does a country under went homogenization:

“This is a great paradox of peace. If you went to peace and you are the top of the world, there will be people started fighting each other for whose culture (country’s subculture) will be dominant. With the process, over time, there will be homogenization. If resist homogenization, there will be a civil war and those who triumphs will become The Culture.”

The advantage of a homogeneous country is undisputed: cultures were much more unified, its values were similar and rituals were similar, stability is guaranteed, no room for ‘corruption’ and the error is smaller. While highly efficient and easily mobilizable, it has major flaw: it has potentiality limits and inability to see things from multiple perspective. Heterogeneous society on the other hand has a much greater potential. Complex society allows for emergence and mixing other cultures altogether. 

The modern culture of South Korea and Japan has been mixed with numerous influences from all over Earth, it has been synthesized into a new form, modern form. K-Pop and anime are currently part of the ‘secular universalist culture’ not a ‘ethnic-identity culture’. This new abstract culture is the progressive medium to deliver its messages in a new, more effective and more inclusive without restrict it one’s ethnic or race. Being a radical traditionalist, conservative preserve the culture’s purity but at the risk of stuck being unable to spread. A huge potential culture that needs to be mixed influences from the West and presented in a modern, contemporary style narrative or else it cannot spread itself naturally. Both Chinese, Indonesian, Indian and others suffer from what Kaiser called ‘Western Exoticism Fetishes’ in that it is not treated as ‘modern’ but rather cultural preservation UNESCO thingy with failing to attract modern kids while only ‘boomers’ had attraction to it. Only a modern form of a culture, synthesized new culture does a kid or teenager will successfully attracted to a culture like Japanese and South Korean culture.

There was significant effort of the ‘cultural protectionist’ trend on Earth especially after Kaiser’s failed effort of Uberwelt-ing the Earth, to bring Earth’s culture under the umbrella of the Sixtusian culture. When the Europeans attempted to import immigrants to their own country, they faced major anti-immigrant movements, this is due to Europe is a strictly ‘ethnic-identity culture’ very similar to Japan, South Korea and China, makes them actually incompatible with ‘universalist culture’. Conservatives asserts the cultural hygiene of Europe is retained to prevent it from being contaminated from the ‘Muslim’ or ‘Islamic’ influences.

The United States is a very unique instance and the closest thing to ‘Uberwelt’. Other nations classified as the Uberwelt is Australia, Canada, Brazil, Philippines and Indonesia as all of these nations has no dominant ethnic or race. Countries with actual high cultural diversity like India or Iran cannot be classified as such due to its national and political policies that discourages diversity: one is a Hindu state and the other is Shia state. The European states with strong stance of its people, some kind of nationalism like Germany, Spain, Italy, United Kingdom, Poland has a political system and the primary national spirit did not allow immigration or multiculturalism. France on the other hand is best suited for it due to its motto of equality and liberty which if a French politician is against immigration, it then against the state/nation’s spirit. 

The United States high openness, liberty and lack of government has made it for sure, an immortal state that will always stays on the great power status. Kaiser said there is no country or entity in the world that could rival the United States in its hegemonic, multiculturalism power; Europe will certainly fail due to its radical culture protectionism and preserve its cultural hygiene. China, Japan and South Korea will eventually be stuck due to being a strictly a homogeneous country. Kaiser however, noted an entity that could: ASEAN. Kaiser saw ASEAN as the greatest threat to the United States due to its diversified culture and its openness to diversity, however most of the sovereign states in ASEAN were an ‘ethno state’: Malaysian Malaysia, Thai Thailand, Burmese Myanmar, Cambodian Cambodia, Laotian Laos and Vietnamese Vietnam. Only Singapore and Indonesia are its core: secular and no ethnic dominant state like the United States or the French.

The synthetization of a new culture (as a Uberwelt) was needed to cohesively unifies the cultures of many. It takes elements from as many cultures as possible and Uberwelt basically dictated that even taking junk values and useless superstition will be beneficial:

“Superstition works even though you don’t believe it.”

He explained that superstition works for traditionalist, cultural preservation which added the absurdism value in a culture like a joke. This absurd, seemingly useless superstition belief can act as a potential low-entry barrier interaction for connection with people, a shared value amongst differing cultures. Superstition tends to be an easy funny cultural exchange, some kind of universality. Absorption of trivial things was needed to adopt and understanding the culture of other and eventually, supersede the old inferior culture.

The Sixtusian Republic had always been multiculturalism state with its population mainly are immigrants from all over Safar. When Eltravivor Empire fell in 1975, the ‘external enemy’ has been eliminated and heterogeneous culture becomes a headache. For multiculturalism in Sixtus to prevail is to make the other culture an enemy. On the 2000s, the Kaiser while not a politician, had been stirring the masses of the Elven’s long ‘colonization’ and ‘settlement’ in the Southern continent and manipulating the Safarian race for tens thousands of years. Kaiser called for the ‘breaking the chain of oppression’. The Sixtusian Empire was then formed as a multiracial, multicultural empire that was the opposite of other interstellar empires.





Kaiser’s Repression of Progressives’ Political Consciousness



Upon Kaiser’s rise to power, Sixtusian ultra-progressive society are poising a major threat to Kaiser’s imperialist ambitions. To shut down the oppositions, Kaiser employed the Totalitarian Youth to crush the influence and repress the political movements of the liberals, ultra left socialists and progressives. Kaiser’s totalitarianism style meant he needs to equally represses every single political movement that is not in line of his movement including the conservatives, LGBT, any religion, ethnics and race. Kaiser was not a dogmatist ideological vanguard, he rather is a pragmatic and takes any policies from every political ideology that can help to raise the empire quickly. Kaiser’s early rule primary objective is to remove the strong influence of Sixtusian progressivism, LGBT politics in order to shift focus on space imperialism, militarism and social-capitalism. He sees it as more of distraction and holding back Kaiser’s goals. He not only sees progressivism a distraction but also the others:

“Islamic cultures are repressing intellectualism and secularism on Earth. Combined with its rapid population growth, it is a cancer that needs to be eliminated through chemotherapy. Some ‘good’ cells will die and some ‘bad’ cells will die.”

For the Kaiser, it is utterly unrealistic that a country must bow to the progressives. He called progressives were ‘overly revolutionary’ in that their attempt to destroy the social constructivism by the heterosexuals, they also attempted to destroy the underlying systems that were barely connected to it. He parallels it to the proletariat communist revolution of being ‘revolutionary fetishism’ or dismantling too many systems at once.

Kaiser called Sixtus a ‘progressive liberal nightmare’ and possess ‘the most disgusting society system’ but Kaiser’s antagonism towards Sixtus’ ultra-progressive society was largely muted due to his vanguardist stance of Social-Capitalism’ ‘liberating the workforce’ tenet in that, Sixtusian society has become more productive by destroying its conservative family structure, become polyamorous and the torn down of ‘Great Rigid Wall’ of family structure. The breakdown of conservative social values allows unique economic activities that is not seen in other countries. This caused comparative advantage and innovation, which the Kaiser absolutely needed to raise the empire:

“We gain money by doing what the other not doing.”

Sixtusian society has developed into a polyamory society where children are shared, family structure is non-existent and everyone can have consensual sexual relationships without any constraints. Sixtusian nuclear family structure was unsustainable beginning from its inception, then The War for the End from 1967 to 1975 is the final nail in the coffin that led to the destruction of conservatism in Sixtus and the rise of progressivism. Since then, the polyamory movement takes off which enabled overlapping ownership of a child. At the current stats, over 60% people currently claim in a polyamory relationship.

As a consequence of this, selling a child was common. Abortion was rampant and the lack of strong bonding meant the child usually sold to the government. When the sold child if not adopted, it will be under ‘government-care’ until it reached 17 years old. 

However, Kaiser ultimately prefer LGBT or polyamory parenting to exist rather than having no child at all or unmarried, calling childless the worst possible decision and ‘a million times better to have unconventional parenting/relationship than to have no child at all’. He called childless is an absolute danger of the state’s demographics, he remarks:

“Having only a single child, is worst for the parent and worst for the child but the best for capitalists. No siblings meant parent’s overreliance on one child. By stripping the family, the child will be in alienated and isolation hence easily manipulated by the mass society. For me, the dynamic of both family and mass society must equal and balanced.”

LGBT radicalism in Sixtusian Empire is primarily caused by social constructionism that had beneficial for heterosexual which LGBT people are disadvantaged people who revolts against the system and Sixtus being the first modern Safarian state to adopt progressive ideologies which most of Safarian history is under heterosexual dominance for thousands of years. For some, being an LGBT or creating of one’s gender is to find one’s true identity. However, Kaiser utterly opposed the philosophy of LGBT of ‘finding true identity and gender’, he believes that ‘existence precedes essence’ in that one becomes influenced more by the environment. He remarked:

“I don’t like this ridiculous notion of ‘I have found my true identity and gender’. I found people who attempts to reorient its sexual orientation were taken into too much into the metaphysical realm and abandoning the materialist/real world by rejecting introspection of one’s self. They become detached from reality that they became biased of their own making.”

An identity and what a person can be according to the Kaiser is malleable and tends to be formable. When a person declares itself as an LGBT, it is not necessarily always the ‘true identity’ and ‘who I am’. It is simply bending to the mass society’s LGBT movement at the current epoch, it is not a total controller of its gender but rather mimics the contemporary social environment. Kaiser said it is no different than any other movements and it can obstruct the transformation process of a person to become the greatest version of itself or progress further down the line. It is in itself a social construct, invented by a group of people who had been disadvantaged by the world dominated of heterosexuals. For Kaiser, this is simply a tribe, ethnic or group of people fighting each other, progressive vs conservatives. The economic and political system changes needed to enable these progressive movements. In other epoch of history, this wouldn’t be possible or even able to be conceived from anyone’s imagination.

As Timekeeper were uniquely able to switch identities and posits itself from multiple perspective thanks to its time loop, Kaiser actively knows the structuralism issue that enforced one’s identity to be confined to a certain shape set by the society at certain epoch. For this, it is all only the problem relativism and ‘being-thrown’ in the world like a male will mostly likely confined itself to male stuffs, resisting it can potentially only cause additional obstacles and focuses on the obstacles too much, unable to progress.






Kaiser’s View of Religion

For the Kaiser, people who treated religion as the emancipatory and enlightenment are perfectly makes sense in the context of the medieval era. It is unifying piece of literature with a massive cult and fanbase. The problem for the Kaiser however, is the treatment of it and how it already become obsolete in the modern era yet some still clinging to it without any ‘revision’. Dogmas and written rules inside it were treated as the absolute rules that all of its followers must obey. Instructions were worded in such a way that it was like a command or a mandate to its followers, and worst, its followers treated it as indisputable facts by God that must not be crossed or disagreed. Kaiser mentioned the absurdity of the Muslims who attempts to behead any kafir/non-believers:

“It is an absolute insanity that this religion still let to exist. It will be a thorn on our side and thereby we must flatten this religion down. One of their branches: Shias and Ibadi were itself were Muslim and they still get persecuted. If this they couldn’t even have a reconciliation between themselves how about those, they shouted kafir? If they rule the world, they will fucking commit cultural genocide en masse, all obey like a hive mind creatures and society is like a totalitarian society and that is an absolute total destruction of civilization and complex society.”

One thing surprising for the Kaiser is that he is not a staunch atheist or non-believers. Due to Kaiser’s experience as a Timekeeper, Kaiser simply told that the things happening in prophets in Abrahamic religion had a possibility of being real. Kaiser refuse to believe nor deny its existence, he simply posits a possibility.

When Kaiser controversially said he called Islam or some other religion/ideology as ‘cancer that needs to be chemotherapize’, he meant due to strict dogmas and its rabid nature can potentially destroys other cultures which reduces society’s complexity while exacerbate its disadvantages greater. Each culture or ideology has its weaknesses which the existence of different cultures and religion must exists to cover each other weaknesses just like the division of labour or else it will create world of naivetés and when a disaster strikes, a homogeneous society of what Muslim people thought that a 100% Muslim world will be a utopia, will unequipped to face a new challenge. Kaiser argues scientific endeavour in the Muslim world will be utterly impossible, it will enforce conformity, singular mindset like a singularity, hive-mind like entity. When the Caliphate was formed during War of the Universe, many Muslims around the world rallied behind the movement, they blindly had faith to the Caliph. Kaiser said the following:

“The Muslims are the closest thing to a hive-mind entity society. Pahliv the Rebel (Caliph of the Caliphate) issuing orders and all Muslims including Muslims in the Sixtus Core are obeying his thoughts. Then they had crusade-like defensive stance against anyone attempts to attack their religion. If a piece of knowledge or edict against the holy book, they will use mental gymnastics or ridiculous circumvention to avoid that like the idiotic 0% interest rate is banned for Muslims so they used retardedly convoluted alternative instruments to do it. The worst they used mob mentality, truth does not matter if the mob is satisfied. This is hence I must reduce the population of them by conversion or secularize or ‘pacify’ them.”

There are other patterns the Kaiser saw, in which he sees like how both Sixtusian and Western progressive liberals according to the Kaiser: had severe fetishism with LGBT, gender and pronouns that they started to loses with reality. Then, Christianity was criticized by the Kaiser as similar to Islamic mob mentality particularly in the US conservatives and during the medieval era. He mocked Christianity as ‘proto-socialist’, ‘Wine-converter man’ and ‘Water Levitator’, then the absurdity miracles mentioned in the holy book. Kaiser simply called it a work of fiction exaggerated by its authors:

“This is clearly a fictional tale. I treat this as a bestselling fictional novel of the antiquity.”

However, all religions of humans received a ‘shock’ by the sudden arrival of the ‘alien’ Sixtusian Empire and the revelation existence of other races like the Titan, Dionary, Cassantor and Elven. This lead conspiracy theories that the Titan or Elven race might have intervene during ancient times that inspires the signs of ‘Gods’ however both the Elven and Titan officially denied they have fiddled the humans in ancient times but when the Sixtusian conquered the Alpha Empire, they declassified Titan race had been fiddling human’s history with very minimal intervention during the antiquity using mythology sightings of its angels and other miracles. In other case, Elven had lived both on Safarian and Dionarian homeworld with direct intervention. Eltravivor Empire for instance, acted as the proxy state for the Elistar Empire to control the movements of Safarian. 

The Caliphate early rise was shoved off as another rebellion as many who opposes the rise of the Sixtusian Empire but things took for the worse after the July Plot in 2033 when the brutality of Muslims were unleashed against the world through fatwa to restore the caliphate and to dakwah the whole world. The moment when the Muslims started massacring Hindus and non-Muslims is when the Kaiser was totally baffled of their hive-mind like society and their nature of not questioning the authorities. Kaiser saw the fundamental corrupt structure of the religion made it impossible to coexist with other religions and race; this made the Kaiser to vow on aggressively suppress the religion:

“How do you let this religion exist is beyond me. This is a religion that likes to present itself as a peaceful religion, its followers pretentiously claiming it’s the greatest religion that teaches everything from finance to the way of life. It is highly dangerous when a religion attempts to dictates everything, the enforcement of sharia laws demanded every Muslim to follow or punishment is inevitable. Those living under the religion were under suppression, crush of its potentiality & intellectuality, becoming the worse version of itself. No matter how much they proclaim ‘we will exist coexist peacefully with non-Muslims’, one of their main tenets is aggressive dakwah, forceful inviting people into their religion using its numerical superiority/mob mentality and secretly ‘demonize’ every non-Muslims as kafir. A swift attack on its rotten structure will bring the entire shit down.”

As in line with Kaiser’s Uberwelt, Earth’s West, secularist culture has greatly clashed with Islamic culture. He called that war will always be inevitable due to its contrasting values. Christianity and Judaism was similarly staunchly orthodox like Islam but through the process of secularization and European enlightenment, it eventually reforms itself to become much more relaxed and open to science and criticism. Many of Muslims have rejected bi’dah and heavily adopt Sunnah as much as possible, this anti-reform attitude is one of the big problems of integrating Muslims immigrants into European world. With such great differing view and values, Kaiser called Europeans’ Islamophobia is justified and understandable especially the ‘Arab boot-licker idiots’ ingrained the religion with the Arab identity, unlike Christianity which is ethnically-agnostic thanks the first country who adopts it: The Roman Empire collapsed. It was a religion that benefits only the Arabs. Due to Arab and Islam becomes strictly interlinked, all Muslims will conform to the Arab world even though they are not Arabs, Kaiser mocked Muslims: “At this stage all of them should just convert to Arab, altogether.”

Sixtusian heavy influence on Earth meant its ideology started permeated to Earth. It then greatly clashed with many conservative religions especially Islam. Sixtusian’ ultra-progressive society with its LGBT, secularism and liberalism becomes a point of contention for many religions on Earth. For the West and secular states, it wasn’t problem but it is the Islamic world where it become a major problem thanks to its radical orthodoxy. Pahliv Aul Said being a Timekeeper took an advantage of this and exploit it by moderating as the only person able to balance between the new Sixtusian values and old Islamic values. He was against Sixtusian Uberwelt influence which argued attempt to wipe the cultures of Earth. It then caused more significant problem by declaring the caliphate movement to overthrow the Sixtusian out from Earth. 

When asked about the problem of religions shortly after the fall of the Caliphate:

“I hate these retarded Caliphate that self-proclaims itself as an ‘repressed’ noble ‘Jihadist’ defender of the faith to protect itself from so-called scary ‘progressive’ society with LGBT, atheism and secularism. Idiots chanted to evict the alien Sixtusian Empire out from Earth. These shithole Islamic movement attempting to desaturate the color of society and crushing the complexity of society. All wears white or black clothes, forcing women to wear shitty Burqa black ‘ninja-shinobi’ clothes. Intellectualism are crushed, demagogue Islamic politicians uses the damn holy book all the time as the populist instrument to control the masses, unbelievers are persecuted, anything that is incompatible with their religion will be persecuted. And don’t even get me started with any of the ‘revivalist’ movement. Hermeneutics analyzer interpret religious texts or any political book and twist the narrative with mental gymnastics to whatever they like to build a new religious revivalist movement to ‘go back to its roots’. Revivalists idiots!”


Kaiser noted there is no religion that respects other religion of its values instead, it is the blissful ignorance of the multi-religious state to not interfere with each other and only to interact with others that is not related to religion in where the respect is only from their difference in identity not the religion’s tenets, ideas or doctrines. The respect is only ‘surface level’ which is the clothes, the customs, the ‘exoticism’ and the appearance of it.

Kaiser’s criticism of Judaism and Christianity are lesser due to the lack of problems with it. Nevertheless, he disliked the fictional nature of the books and its ridiculous claims. He called it no better than Islam itself. 

The way it is presented, is that anything written in the book is taken off as ‘knowledge’ and/or ‘fact’. If it is contradicting, some hermeneutic analyzers will use mental gymnastics to justify what it is written on the book:

“It is the clinging to the old values and obsolete texts for too long that make it look like ridiculous.”

Judaism’s chosen people is literally ‘will to power’ to the collective masses. It parallels to Timekeeper’s agent of destroyer and Kaiser’s behavior: people who believes they are special and wants to achieve something doesn’t always get the achievement but those who never believes in their specialness and never attempt will always never gets the achievement. In addition, Jews lives in Europe are isolated, floating similarly to Timekeepers as if they are disconnected from the masses, hence able to see the world from the anti-thesis perspective and contribute significantly to the world.





Kaiser’s Self-Centeredness Problem

Kaiser warned against self-centeredness, self-care or the idea of loving yourself taking too far. He remarked on the issue:

“Self-centeredness is retarded concept led by fatfuckers, LGBT movements or other idiots that attempt to justify its laziness and immobility towards greatness. Hiding behind its identity and its inferiority is the epitome of a person who is incapable of change. Locking people’s true potentiality. People who don’t build sufficient feedback loops to correct itself; not being in anxiety and stays in the status quo of mediocrity will be drown in their own biases, world view confined to their own views and an echo chamber. This echo chamber that exists within a community is devil’s circle that can worsened biases, leaving permanent flawed idea of pattern ingrained to their own brain for the rest of their life. Similar to addictions.”

For the Kaiser, balancing between individualism and communitarian is important. In line with Social-Capitalism, Kaiser believes that self-centeredness must in the right balance so that individuality can be retained while criticism can be used to improve one’s self and to be better in retrospective of one’s self. The realm of the metaphysics and the materialist must be balanced.

The American ideology has a major flaw in that it posits individuality and freedom as its main tenet for its achievements and prosperity however this is greatly misleading. The real advantage of the United States is complex society, emergence and individual’s ability to do anything without much social constraints hence: ability to see one thing from another perspective. United States’ highly varied types of individuals and stable economy allowed for innovation and systematic feedback loop that constantly iterates and fixes its mistakes. 

On the other side, country like China, South Korea, Japan and Vietnam grows into great economic power thanks its unified homogenous population and lack of different ethnics. The communitarian nature of those countries eliminates trivial problems in the bottom matters and focuses on the greater things, hence you cannot innovate or do anything if basic things left untreated. However, the big constraint of those country is that its potentiality will be limited especially cultural homogenization caused inability to see things from the other perspective, thus slowing rate of change and innovation. The center of the ideology in those communitarian country is communitarianism, different from individual liberty of the American ideology.

The self-centeredness individuality of American ideology has caused American fall into the spell of the metaphysics realm rather than materialistic realm which the false consciousness was shaped by materialistic things itself. US’ ‘fatfuckers’ according to Kaiser and its red tapes has caused them to be sapped from actual real productive works and focuses on the unnecessaries. Money could be spent on real productive things was instead: spent on food and healthcare.

“Problems that never existed, becomes exists. An emergence of problems. Problems will create itself.”





Repressed Consciousness of the Masses

In a society, everyone has their own repressed negative behaviours in order to keep the harmony society in tact however a pattern will emerge hence that common repressed behaviour is the ‘repressed consciousness’. 

From many studies, it is showed that many people desire a group sex or interchangeable sexual partners but the legacy system of the old society prevented people to conduct such behaviour or action. In Sixtus, polyamory is the most common type of relationship, people able to conduct casual sex with many people without significant consequences. Sixtusian society had reorganized itself to bring a total ‘destruction’ of its conventional and conservative relationship structure. The old family structure of 1 man and 1 wife is a legacy system that had been ‘purged’. Many have argued the change was primarily caused by economic system and societal reforms. The total liberation of repressed desires of the masses enabled Sixtus to do many things that other societies can’t, gaining a major comparative advantage; a country that is different from the others will invoke niche interest, a unique opportunity.

Before Kaiser’s rise, the hikikomori (Japanese term for being confined; severe social withdrawal) was common amongst Sixtusian youth however Kaiser launched the Totalitarian Youth and “Send-Down Youth” programs which radically eliminates many socially isolated young people. Kaiser rejected that socially isolated people are incapable of social activities or physically/mentally inferior, Kaiser believed some social ethics and rules were too restrictive; Kaiser argues it will damage people’s confidence and especially it strengthens the division between ethnics, races or cultures hence people retreat to the caves, becomes isolated, refuse to meddle in ridiculous matters. he remarked:

“A naïve person must be clashed with reality and they must dragged out from their homes. Introducing an artificial boundary or wrong type of consciousness will lead a person to their doom. You tell them X and obey to it because the society told you to do it. You have been dictated by the dictatorship of the masses. Mass society has successfully reduced you into an NPC, a generic pathetic people.”

“It is unacceptable that we have turned like this. There must some kind of rejuvenation of the spirit. People are isolated becoming easy to divide and conquer. Becoming capitalist’ prey. The youth was given the false, wrong consciousness, materialistic things to distract them from becoming the greatest version of one’s self. They give you stupid entertainment and false political movement: they give you the rainbow flag, the socialist, conservative, the Islamist, even the Sixtusian flag and whatever which turned you into an NPC. Becoming the worst of yourself.”

Socially isolated people are argued by Kaiser being led into the worst version of one’s self. They lay down at home, becoming lazy, unproductive and unhealthy. When these type of people becoming a lot, there will be a repressed consciousness shared amongst hikikomori. These hikikomori can be weaponized if handled well according to the Kaiser: 

“There are a million of socially isolated people and ‘degenerate’ people. An unused, idle people waiting to be mobilized. I simply cannot have idle people do nothing hence they must dragged out from their homes. Joining the Totalitarian Youth will rejuvenate them. Without doubt the retarded progressive movement and conformist behaviour has isolated many young people hence I will pit these two in the gladiator arena to fight each other. A net good. For the socially isolated people as they will be resuscitated into a fresh, functional citizen. For me, the political circus, ‘filibustering’ of the progressives is dead.”

“No longer they became the retards of society. Instead, they all became the greatest version of themselves. The beasts have been unleashed.”

Liberation and shatter the rules of conformity allowed for social liberation. The people no longer stuck in a gridlock where they are able to express themselves. While the gender movement self-proclaims itself as freedom of expression, Kaiser rejected these claim as a distortion and only creates unnecessary societal complexity which creates a lot rules which then made people becomes reluctant to engage social behaviour. By reducing and crushing complex identity to one (as in military), people are much communitarian, easy to understand each other. But Kaiser’s support for complex society meant crushing identity must only be temporary as reducing complexity of a society will reduce innovation and hamper Uberwelt. The pursue of temporarily reducing identity is to enable social cohesion and understanding to prevent social frictions.

The example of repressed consciousness of the masses: during a major racial protest, white progressives’ people in the United States bows and beg forgiveness to African American for the slavery and discrimination, giving their sympathy towards the black movements however a year after it happened, some questioned the sincerity of it and why they do it. Or in some places like the church or in Indonesia, a phenomenon where people become suddenly possessed by demons.

According to the Kaiser, these two are the blatant example of the hidden spirit of the people: the victim mentality. The white people ‘progressives’ had these victim mentality in which they believed the whites were colonizers and must be blamed for all of the problem in the world. The possessed by ‘demons’ Indonesians had the same victim mentality: to unchain themselves from a conformist, communitarian society which is putting them under pressure to constantly maintain their social relations, norms, ethics and codes. By possessing ‘themselves to the demons’, it is an opportunity to induce a ‘good trauma’ which is to release their repressed feelings of being under social pressure. They cry themselves or using justification of ‘demon possession’ because sometimes it is the easy way out, to turn him/herself as a victim rather than ideologically pure and believes in its very actions.

People will have these ‘repressed feelings’ and ‘wants’, increasingly grew larger under the nose. An example like: group sex or mass sex but cannot due to societal restrictions. Its sexual feelings were emitted by their own ‘animal instincts’, their brain or addiction to something (mind fixation/brain rot). Eventually over time, it will slowly liberated.

Deep, hidden, repressed consciousness of the masses can be expressed to a video game, movies and a piece of entertainment that hasn’t existed yet. What does this mean? A movie or video game can blow up and success if it resonates with masses and no other media had the likes of it. Many people might have a common repressed desire of some things. By creating a piece of media that fulfil these desires will cure many of the people’s problems and ailments.

