Uberwelt/Superculture

Uberwelt or Superior Culture, is one the central tenet of Kaiser’s imperialism ideology. Uberwelt means superior culture, according to Kaiser interpretation, Uberwelt meant the ability to assimilate all culture, adopt universally accepted values and turn it into one big giant culture. Examples of superculture are the Han Chinese culture, Islamic culture, Hindu culture and Latin America culture. The cultures mentioned above, are spanning across multiple continents, ethnic and races. Kaiser realized if that his legacy and Sixtusian’ culture influence to endured a long time, he needed to establish a new superculture.

According to Kaiser, revolutionary and instant cultural destruction will only result in a backlash. Instead, it must dominate all countries economically and politically, then through the 100 years process, slowly replace the inferior cultures. The points out how indigenous tribes can be turned to Christianity due to uberwelt of the European.

Kaiser saw American culture as a total failure. He noted the following:

“You see America has a rich, different cultures adopted by different people. These different cultures, are to be said by naïve people that many ‘colors’ are beautiful. To have many types of people living with different ways of life and culture will make our life interesting. But I saw (this) as an absolute unsustainability. Cultures of left, right, socialists, capitalists, the young people, libtards and boomers clashed together. People in America or non-homogenous cultures state lived in their own bubble, only interacting with other for economic, societal or political purpose, a contrast to Islamic or homogenous Asian countries where they established an uberwelt and in a way, had stronger communitarian values. A society with different cultures will result in an inevitable clash and riots, the only reason stopping people from clashing is the economy or the current establishment is strong (enough) to successfully distract them from murdering each other. Once capitalism isn’t working, socialism becomes the norm, scientific innovation is reaching its limits and the world is reaching stagnation, then the uberwelt will become the norm. Different cultures acceptance as espoused by the idiot naïve ‘progressive left’ is not sustainability, it must launch ‘cultural genocide’ against inferior cultures then create one universal homogeneous culture for all to adopt.”

However, it was noted that the American culture did succeed both in the 19th and 20th century. Many of western cultures were adopted widespread and was in absolute power during those two centuries. But when the Sixtusian Empire arrived, Earth’s universalist/pop culture was beginning to be replaced by Sixtusian culture. Sixtusian pop culture was already the strongest in Safar for 70 years before Sixtusian Empire’s arrival on Earth in 2016 with the Sixtusian had the most robust entertainment, music, video game and fashion industry.

An example to explain why the Sixtusian is superculture is the polygamic society system. Sixtus starting to breaks down the wife-father family dynamics in the 1960s and began replacing it with a dynamic polygamic relationship system with applies to both polyandry and polygyny. With the combination being the most liberal and most LGBT state in Safar, Sixtus becomes a totally progressive society, traditional family relationship in 2010 only constitutes 15%, while 73% claim of polygamy. A family can have a few children and rather than two parents to take care the children, this new flexibility allows for 3,4,5 or more parents to take care one child interchangeability. The Kaiser likened accepted these progressive family values and endorsed it since 2000s since with this new movement, it breaks the artificial boundaries of families and egoism which allows flexibility; liberate the workforce to contribute the national effort for Kaiser’s future wars and industrial might.





