Eternal Stage of Social-Capitalism

The primary premise of Social-Capitalism is that it assumes a country will stuck in an eternal stage of shifting between centralization and decentralization policies. It emphasizes the importance of both welfarism and centralization of wealth. Accumulation of wealth is good and in fact, mandatory as it acts a buffer for emergency fund or concentration of wealth to enable project development with tight controls and the leader’s ‘authoritarianist’ vision which can potentially benefits the masses. On the other hand, the idea of distributing wealth is good because it allows small people to contribute society’s complex system to have adaption, feedback loops and emergence which can innovate. A perpetual stage of socialism and capitalism, the anti-caste and feudalism. The anti-caste, ‘communist’ society is an inefficient society where division of labour is limited hence productivity fall. Feudalist society is an efficient society, productivity is high but the means of production is stripped away from the artisans or craftsmen. 

The Sixtusian Empire is the only empire that adheres to this ideology. Other empires like Elistar, United Dionary Empire, Alpha Empire which has existed for thousands of years all developed into semi-feudalist empire with caste system and strong separation of classes. This is because feudalist structure allows high stability at the cost weak reforms and low innovation. The caste system allows for highly efficient society which the labour is properly divided from one’s birth. With this, the Elistar, UDE and Alpha has practically turned its working class to a total alienation where they all has lost the ability determine to its own life and destiny.

When the UDE lost the War of the Universe in 2036, the Sixtusian Empire forced the UDE to open up its economy, overhauling its economy and introducing Sixtusian’ own technology which fundamentally changed UDE’s social-economic structure to social-capitalism, causing a massive chaos. Sixtusian reforms to UDE’s economy is using Dionarian as their cheap labourers while the Sixtusian gradually becomes the capitalists, dictate the goods to be produced, hence liberating Sixtusian’ workforce. These had major consequences:

First, Sixtusian forces all UDE’s subject states to major land reforms. UDE subjects that were republics or had high liberty are fundamentally unchanged by this policy but monarchy-like subject states which are the dominant government form of many UDE’s subjects quickly fall into chaos. The ambitious target set by Sixtusian government to UDE monarchy-like subject state was unable to keep up. The enforcement by the Sixtusian Outerboundary to the local ruling class were brutal. When they successfully met Sixtusian’ demands, it was met with a revolt by the lower class of Dionarians against their landlords and aristocrat classes due to bad working conditions and harsh enforcement of the law. In some places, Dionarian launched massive classicide against the upper class, causing the Sixtusian Outerboundary to forcibly take control of the dysfunctional government.

Despite the totalitarian nature of Kaiser’s rule, Kaiser vehemently opposed authoritarianism. He argued authoritarianism is awful in every way unless implementing democracy was so dire and implausible that authoritarian government is the only way out from the dreadful situation. Kaiser noted the great discord of developing and developed countries, where developed nations proclaim democracy is an absolute, universalist value needed to be upheld by everyone. The paradox is that for example: Western developed democratic countries provides safe haven. If a person from undeveloped countries is becoming unstable, they easily able to escape to Europe or United States. If Europe or United States is becoming unstable, those citizens became cornered fox hence the only way out is they have to force themselves to defend their own country rather than escaping. Western developed countries itself are enabling the authoritarianism itself: collecting wealth using corruption then spent luxury goods created by Western countries. Freedom and democracy espoused by Earth’s western countries is simply a gimmick according to the Kaiser. The only real driving force is the economy, only democratic countries implements high degree of democracy to supply the drive of scientific endeavours.

In terms of ideology, Kaiser is much in line of Chinese’s main tenet of ‘moderately prosperous society’. He called Western pro-capitalist society has caused unchecked, reckless production and demand of consumer goods. Creeping normality, increasing baseline of people’s living standard. Kaiser called for the balance between the party and the capitalists, tipping too much to the party and you will get a mad ultra-leftist revolution policies which will get too ‘revolutionary’ or too much state control. While tipping too much to the capitalist will cause an endemic corrupt society that stuck in a perpetual stage of feudalist, highly stratified society. 

Kaiser noted Chinese political system is the greatest threat to the Western world until the arrival of the Sixtusian Empire in 2016. China had a political system that is developed independently from Western civilization. Japan and South Korea simply mimics the Western political system while China evolves not from Western democracies but rather from Soviet system. The foundation is different. If 20 countries are derivative forms from Western system then if one country has a unique political system then it will stand out and benefits by simply being different. 20 countries of Western system will be oversaturated and each of them will mimics its advantages and disadvantages causing no distinct comparative advantage. This is why enforcing every country to have the same system of democracy is impossible. Kaiser told that forcing every country to adopt the level of democracy, freedom of press and human rights that is acceptable to the United States would be impossible since those who adopts it will be trailing behind; they will be naturally disadvantaged. Those who obeys, follow the rules and then surpass the West, will be screwed by the Western powers as they hold the power of changing the rules of international politics. 

Basic logic and pragmatism made it absolutely clear that once other countries started to catch up, the West will be threatened. Kaiser argued they will change the rule and build some kind narrative to make other country constantly in ‘backward stage’ using its progressivism, LGBT, freedom narrative. In addition, they will set the normalcy standard which they know other countries cannot attained to. Build a strong enough paradise to entice immigrants and intellectuals to get out from their countries and live in the West. Kaiser told this is an obvious ‘public secret’:

“Sixtus did this too with its immigration and attracting intellectuals with its ‘progressive ideas’. Except we don’t lie with freedom and democracy. We openly admitted a system alternating between authoritarianism and democracy whenever we needed them the most. Our authoritarian system is meant rules can be skipped over but independency of our electoral agency is absolute and people can vote their leaders out.”

Obviously, Kaiser’s 24-year regime is a direct contradiction to that statement but the Sixtusian Republic is non-committal to any governmental system. It is a social-capitalist state where system can be flexible, basically a pragmatist state to its core. 

According to social-capitalist theory, a true socialist state is something that is impossible to achieve but the main goal is to keep getting closer to it. The means of production must be possessed to as many individuals as possible; everyone must be able to produce goods on them according to its needs and by its ability. The primary way to possess the production is delegate its productions to machinery as much as possible. However, a nationalistic socialist, might ignore other country’s welfare thus can offshoring to other countries, hence causing other country fall into feudalistic society while ‘our country’ will become ‘socialist’ while dictating the other country’s productions thus, in externally, it becomes a state capitalist while internally, becomes a socialist, welfare state.

In socialist society, ideas and metaphysics were prioritized. A socialist society has a good welfare system with the state providing a lot of welfare. Private entities delegating its powers to the government by paying taxes to fund infrastructure and others so individuals and private companies can focus on other things. 

The line of the rich and the poor is blur especially for the middle class who were floating midway between having enough money for everyday life but barely has the capital to start a business. For every class society, the lower class will always look up to the higher class. For the middle class, they tended to have romanticism of ‘exploring the world’ or live the perfect financial freedom. For the ‘real’ upper class, the system of society forced them into a position to help the others, hence ‘investors’ or ‘capitalist’: to give money to the middle class to grow their business up. Every class have a different ‘spirit’, everyone might have different occupation, jobs but the system eventually conforms people to a common pattern. 

Dividing people into classes were not an attempt for reductionism or an over simplification but people’s psychology tended to like to stereotype a person because simplification or stereotype one’s identity is imperative due to an abundance amount of people living in this world hence, we need reductionist approach when encountering people or ‘NPC’ to better organize society.



Earth and Safar have great similarities hence why the Kaiser put special attention to them. They roughly placed at the same socio, economic, political situation where they have balanced elements of socialism and feudalism.






Diminishing Return of Everything

When doing anything, the effort to do something might increases linearly while the result will be increasingly diminishing. An example if an industry is on the breakthrough and at its infancy, the effort to do and capital is less but the result can be either success or fail. Once an industry matured, the entry point will be increasingly getting difficult and only those with great capital can truly succeed. With an increasing amount of time, the proportion of a single individual impact to an industry will be increasingly diminishing.

In a saturated market, our efforts to do something will be difficult. Competition will be fierce, with it our effort can be disproportion to the results. We can be in an industry for 5 years but stuck in a stage of failure while a lucky person can surpass us in just 1 year. There will be a threshold maximum year of experience until it started to be diminishing. A person can only remember limited things at a time. However, those who stuck in a stage of failure will have greater ‘potential’ while those who were in pre-mature success are fundamentally will be weaker and not diving deeper into the consciousness hence limiting its potentiality to become the greatest version of one’s self. 

Sometimes the best way to compete is not to compete directly at all, we want to totally avoid competition. Instead, we use comparative advantages, satisfying demands and frustration of people while the competitors didn’t have. Through loop holes, one must navigate and initiate extensive research to find the loop hole and find a way to executes it. The loop holes can be in laws, technical, economics, market, etc. A fanbauxen, opportunist. It is the will to power to shove off the status quo, an agent of destroyer. 

In an industry like the music industry, the lobby was powerful and the determinant of success was not skills and talents but rather it is marketing, the ability music to the masses. It is commodity. Because of its commoditization, the means of producing of music is now delegated to big studios and the entertainment giants. Generalists were usually common for pioneers but thanks to commoditization, there is division of labour of ‘specialists’, people who have specialized and diving deep on one subject only.

It is best not to be naïve. A common theme of people across generations is the ‘live a life’ pursuit, they pick an occupation or interest and then self-confines themselves into that box: a programmer sticks to role playing games as if their identity is locked into it. If lucky, then living a life can be worth it: comfort and stability. But sometimes a major event in the comes from agent of destroyers: an AI that create art on its own, writing its own song and art. Due to 2d artist producing ‘commission art’ is a commodity good, AI could easily replace it. This is different from high-profile artist who already have attach its name and establishing branding. With this chaos, the effort of creating art manually on scale is becoming unsustainable.

There were two major contradictions of the labour/job we are doing:
-	CEO, high ranking executives tends to work on the ‘holistic’ view of the world. They have the highest abstract understanding which puts them at odds with reality and easy to place a CEO/executive from one company to another. They are highly strategical.
-	Artisans or people work closely on the ground tends to be highly specialized, compartmentalized skills that is not easily transferrable between jobs. They are working directly using their own manual labour and the tactical.

The division of labour and compartmentalized skills has caused natural disadvantage for ‘specialists’ or people who works on one occupation. When fired under the chaotic, unstable capitalist system, they will unable to use their skill and hence, will be automatically work on unskilled jobs.







Liberate the Workforce

“Liberate the workforce is to delegate manual labour to the machinery” is the most central tenet of social-capitalism. Its ultimate goal is the mean of production is controlled by every single person; everyone is able to forge their own destiny while satisfied with whatever goods it possesses without any excessive consumption that will led to economic growth which then led to economic inequality. 

The main paradox of liberating the workforce is that people will be unemployed. While business will absolutely benefits replacing individual labour with machines (eliminating welfare), business desperately needs to be created for people no longer able to work in ‘manual labour’/factories which manufacturing no longer capable to sell stuffs and reached its market maturation.

One of the question posed in developing countries is that why people can’t be smart or intelligent to innovate. The answer is simply economic game theory and the standard of living. The international clique or superpower state usually advocate for a ‘globalist free trade’, with the developed countries able to dictate how much money circulating in the world while developing countries were at the mercy of the developed nations because of its technological backwardness and the world finance were controlled by the developed nations. The moment a developing country decided not to pursue research, innovation and self-capability to produce its own technology is when they will always under the boots of the developed country. By having the technology is when the developed countries have less power to dictate the developing countries.

The increase standard of living can be either increasing net productivity & liberate the workforce and the mind or simply to employ the unemployed, the ‘bullshit job’, the ‘lend a hand’ jobs. The red flag of offshoring production is that if the politics of a developing industrialized country is destabilize then the world would be affected thus dropping standard of living and not “real” increase of standard of living since the delegation of workforce is simply shifting to other of the globe not the machinery. Once automation took over, then it is regarded liberated workforce however the danger of machinery is that it is inflexible labour and unsuited for unmatured industries.

The liberation of the mind; the entity of an individual can be treated as a one person and the entity of a country (nationalism) can be treated as a one entity comprised of a lot of people. The totality of a civilization and society cannot ever be understood by simply looking at an individual, instead it must look at multiple individuals. When individualism is prioritized, it then focuses on nothing as one individual attempts to do everything on its own. While on communitarianism, one can specialize in one place so the other can have their mind liberated on one area which can focus on other endeavours.




Contingent Planning

Due to living in an everchanging epoch, a well-planned plan will mostly likely to fail. The current era makes it difficult for one to properly plan their life to the future/adulthood. There are some things that will be predictable, unchanging. If one invested a lot time on that predictable thing, they will have greater chance of success than those in the unpredictable, chaotic environment. Things that were matured/always relevant is the agriculture industry, investing in such industry will be guaranteed but due to industry maturation, climbing the ladder is much more difficult. Unmatured industry tends to be easy to climb but only those with high imagination, creativity can survive in the initial phase before the market matured. With it, luck plays a great role in unmatured industry but matured/rigidfied industry is where luck much less prevalent hence the entry of social mobility is only exists for certain industry/profession.







